Logging into W&B as 'hankun2004-purdue-university'.
[33m⚠️  Warning: 'huggingface-cli login' is deprecated. Use 'hf auth login' instead.[0m
HuggingFace cache set to '/home/hankun/e2d/.hf_cache'.
cuda:0
[CNNDailyMailDataset] Length filter (test): 6613/11490 samples passed (source < 922 tokens, target < 102 tokens)
Saving extracted weights to /data/shared_data/hankun/outputs/cnn_lr1e-5_bsz1_warm100ba_layers28_hidden2048_inter6144_ar_20260305_180802/checkpoints/best-rank0_ema_weights_only.pt
Num. params: 1.7B
Num. trainable params: 1.7B
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday, a step that gives the court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories. The formal accession was marked with a ceremony at The Hague, in the Netherlands, where the court is based. The Palestinians signed the ICC's founding Rome Statute in January, when they also accepted its jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed "in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem, since June 13, 2014." Later that month, the ICC opened a preliminary examination into the situation in Palestinian territories, paving the way for possible war crimes investigations against Israelis. As members of the court, Palestinians may be subject to counter-charges as well. Israel and the United States, neither of which is an ICC member, opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the body. But Palestinian Foreign Minister Riad al-Malki, speaking at Wednesday's ceremony, said it was a move toward greater justice. "As Palestine formally becomes a State Party to the Rome Statute today, the world is also a step closer to ending a long era of impunity and injustice," he said, according to an ICC news release. "Indeed, today brings us closer to our shared goals of justice and peace." Judge Kuniko Ozaki, a vice president of the ICC, said acceding to the treaty was just the first step for the Palestinians. "As the Rome Statute today enters into force for the State of Palestine, Palestine acquires all the rights as well as responsibilities that come with being a State Party to the Statute. These are substantive commitments, which cannot be taken lightly," she said. Rights group Human Rights Watch welcomed the development. "Governments seeking to penalize Palestine for joining the ICC should immediately end their pressure, and countries that support universal acceptance of the court's treaty should speak out to welcome its membership," said Balkees Jarrah, international justice counsel for the group. "What's objectionable is the attempts to undermine international justice, not Palestine's decision to join a treaty to which over 100 countries around the world are members." In January, when the preliminary ICC examination was opened, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described it as an outrage, saying the court was overstepping its boundaries. The United States also said it "strongly" disagreed with the court's decision. "As we have said repeatedly, we do not believe that Palestine is a state and therefore we do not believe that it is eligible to join the ICC," the State Department said in a statement. It urged the warring sides to resolve their differences through direct negotiations. "We will continue to oppose actions against Israel at the ICC as counterproductive to the cause of peace," it said. But the ICC begs to differ with the definition of a state for its purposes and refers to the territories as "Palestine." While a preliminary examination is not a formal investigation, it allows the court to review evidence and determine whether to investigate suspects on both sides. Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said her office would "conduct its analysis in full independence and impartiality." The war between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza last summer left more than 2,000 people dead. The inquiry will include alleged war crimes committed since June. The International Criminal Court was set up in 2002 to prosecute genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes. CNN's Vasco Cotovio, Kareem Khadder and Faith Karimi contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Palestinians become 123rd member of the International Criminal Court.
The Palestinians signed the ICC's founding Rome Statute in January.
The court is based in The Hague, in the Netherlands.
The Palestinians may be subject to counter-charges.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Never mind cats having nine lives. A stray pooch in Washington State has used up at least three of her own after being hit by a car, apparently whacked on the head with a hammer in a misguided mercy killing and then buried in a field -- only to survive. That's according to Washington State University, where the dog -- a friendly white-and-black bully breed mix now named Theia -- has been receiving care at the Veterinary Teaching Hospital. Four days after her apparent death, the dog managed to stagger to a nearby farm, dirt-covered and emaciated, where she was found by a worker who took her to a vet for help. She was taken in by Moses Lake, Washington, resident Sara Mellado. "Considering everything that she's been through, she's incredibly gentle and loving," Mellado said, according to WSU News. "She's a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life." Theia is only one year old but the dog's brush with death did not leave her unscathed. She suffered a dislocated jaw, leg injuries and a caved-in sinus cavity -- and still requires surgery to help her breathe. The veterinary hospital's Good Samaritan Fund committee awarded some money to help pay for the dog's treatment, but Mellado has set up a fundraising page to help meet the remaining cost of the dog's care. She's also created a Facebook page to keep supporters updated. Donors have already surpassed the $10,000 target, inspired by Theia's tale of survival against the odds. On the fundraising page, Mellado writes, "She is in desperate need of extensive medical procedures to fix her nasal damage and reset her jaw. I agreed to foster her until she finally found a loving home." She is dedicated to making sure Theia gets the medical attention she needs, Mellado adds, and wants to "make sure she gets placed in a family where this will never happen to her again!" Any additional funds raised will be "paid forward" to help other animals. Theia is not the only animal to apparently rise from the grave in recent weeks. A cat in Tampa, Florida, found seemingly dead after he was hit by a car in January, showed up alive in a neighbor's yard five days after he was buried by his owner. The cat was in bad shape, with maggots covering open wounds on his body and a ruined left eye, but remarkably survived with the help of treatment from the Humane Society.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Dog named Theia has been receiving care at the Veterinary Teaching Hospital.
She was found by a worker who took her to a vet for help.
She was taken in by Moses Lake, Washington, resident Sara Mellado.
Donors have already surpassed the $10,000 target.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Five Americans who were monitored for three weeks at an Omaha, Nebraska, hospital after being exposed to Ebola in West Africa have been released, a Nebraska Medicine spokesman said in an email Wednesday. One of the five had a heart-related issue on Saturday and has been discharged but hasn't left the area, Taylor Wilson wrote. The others have already gone home. They were exposed to Ebola in Sierra Leone in March, but none developed the deadly virus. They are clinicians for Partners in Health, a Boston-based aid group. They all had contact with a colleague who was diagnosed with the disease and is being treated at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, Maryland. As of Monday, that health care worker is in fair condition. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta has said the last of 17 patients who were being monitored are expected to be released by Thursday. More than 10,000 people have died in a West African epidemic of Ebola that dates to December 2013, according to the World Health Organization. Almost all the deaths have been in Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone. Ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Five Americans released from Nebraska hospital after being monitored for three weeks.
They were exposed to Ebola in West Africa in March.
They are clinicians for Partners in Health, a Boston-based aid group.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union, university officials said Thursday. The prestigious private school didn't identify the student, citing federal privacy laws. In a news release, it said the student was no longer on campus and will face student conduct review. The student was identified during an investigation by campus police and the office of student affairs and admitted to placing the noose on the tree early Wednesday, the university said. Officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved. Criminal investigations into the incident are ongoing as well. Students and faculty members marched Wednesday afternoon chanting "We are not afraid. We stand together,"  after pictures of the noose were passed around on social media. At a forum held on the steps of Duke Chapel, close to where the noose was discovered at 2 a.m., hundreds of people gathered. "You came here for the reason that you want to say with me, 'This is no Duke we will accept. This is no Duke we want. This is not the Duke we're here to experience. And this is not the Duke we're here to create,' " Duke President Richard Brodhead told the crowd. The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students. Last month a fraternity at the University of Oklahoma had its charter removed after a video surfaced showing members using the N-word and referring to lynching in a chant. Two students were expelled. In February, a noose was hung around the neck of a statue of a famous civil rights figure at the University of Mississippi. A statement issued by Duke said there was a previous report of hate speech directed at students on campus. In the news release, the vice president for student affairs called the noose incident a "cowardly act." "To whomever committed this hateful and stupid act, I just want to say that if your intent was to create fear, it will have the opposite effect," Larry Moneta said Wednesday. Duke University is a private college with about 15,000 students in Durham, North Carolina. CNN's Dave Alsup contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Duke University says student was no longer on campus.
Student admitted to placing noose on tree near student union.
Police, student affairs office are still trying to determine if other people were involved.
Duke President Richard Brodhead: "You came here for the reason that you want to say"
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)He's a blue chip college basketball recruit. She's a high school freshman with Down syndrome. At first glance Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith couldn't be more different. But all that changed Thursday when Trey asked Ellie to be his prom date. Trey -- a star on Eastern High School's basketball team in Louisville, Kentucky, who's headed to play college ball next year at Ball State -- was originally going to take his girlfriend to Eastern's prom. So why is he taking Ellie instead? "She's great... she listens and she's easy to talk to" he said. Trey made the prom-posal (yes, that's what they are calling invites to prom these days) in the gym during Ellie's P.E. class. Trina Helson, a teacher at Eastern, alerted the school's newspaper staff to the prom-posal and posted photos of Trey and Ellie on Twitter that have gone viral. She wasn't surpristed by Trey's actions. "That's the kind of person Trey is," she said. To help make sure she said yes, Trey entered the gym armed with flowers and a poster that read "Let's Party Like it's 1989," a reference to the latest album by Taylor Swift, Ellie's favorite singer. Trey also got the OK from Ellie's parents the night before via text. They were thrilled. "You just feel numb to those moments raising a special needs child,"  said Darla Meredith, Ellie's mom. "You first feel the need to protect and then to overprotect." Darla Meredith said Ellie has struggled with friendships since elementary school, but a special program at Eastern called Best Buddies had made things easier for her. She said Best Buddies cultivates friendships between students with and without developmental disabilities and prevents students like Ellie from feeling isolated and left out of social functions. "I guess around middle school is when kids started to care about what others thought," she said, but "this school, this year has been a relief." Trey's future coach at Ball State, James Whitford, said he felt great about the prom-posal, noting that Trey, whom he's known for a long time, often works with other kids . Trey's mother, Shelly Moses, was also proud of her son. "It's exciting to bring awareness to a good cause," she said. "Trey has worked pretty hard, and he's a good son." Both Trey and Ellie have a lot of planning to do. Trey is looking to take up special education as a college major, in addition to playing basketball in the fall. As for Ellie, she can't stop thinking about prom. "Ellie can't wait to go dress shopping" her mother said. "Because I've only told about a million people!" Ellie interjected.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Trey Moses is a blue chip college basketball recruit.
Ellie Meredith is a high school freshman with Down syndrome.
Trey asked Ellie to be his prom date.
Ellie's mom says she's thrilled with the decision.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Andrew Getty, one of the heirs to billions of oil money, appears to have died of natural causes, a Los Angeles Police Department spokesman said. The coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of Getty, grandson of oil tycoon J. Paul Getty, said Detective Meghan Aguilar. Andrew Getty, 47, had "several health issues," Aguilar said, adding that an autopsy will be conducted. There is no criminal investigation underway, he said. Some medication had also been recovered from Getty's home, though investigators don't know whether Getty was taking it or what his medical history was, Ed Winter, assistant chief in the Los Angeles County coroner's office, told CNN affiliate KTLA Tuesday night. KTLA reported that Getty was found on his side near a bathroom in his home. Getty's parents, Ann and Gordon Getty, released a statement confirming their son's death and asking for privacy. Where the Getty family fortune came from . Gordon Getty is one of three living sons of J. Paul Getty, the oil baron who was thought to be the richest man in the world at the time of his death in 1976. Gordon Getty, 81, has a net worth of $2.1 billion, according to Forbes. One other son died in 1958 and another died in 1973. Gordon Getty spearheaded the controversial sale of Getty to Texaco for $10 billion in 1984. In its list of richest American families, Forbes estimated the Gettys' net worth to be about $5 billion. Court records show Andrew Getty had recently filed to get a restraining order against an ex-girlfriend. A hearing in the case had been scheduled for next week. In his request, Getty said he had been diagnosed with a serious medical condition in 2013. "A rise in my blood pressure places me in grave risk of substantial and irreparable injury or death," he wrote in the petition. "My doctors have advised that heated arguments can cause my blood pressure to rise dangerously." Andrew Getty had three brothers and three half-sisters. People we've lost in 2015 . CNN's Doug Criss, Janet DiGiacomo, Mark Mooney, Mike Love, Julie In and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Andrew Getty, one of the heirs to billions of oil money, appears to have died of natural causes.
Coroner's preliminary assessment is there was no foul play involved in the death of Getty.
Getty's parents, Ann and Gordon Getty, released a statement confirming their son's death.
Getty's parents asked for privacy.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Filipinos are being warned to be on guard for flash floods and landslides as tropical storm Maysak approached the Asian island nation Saturday. Just a few days ago, Maysak gained super typhoon status thanks to its sustained 150 mph winds. It has since lost a lot of steam as it has spun west in the Pacific Ocean. It's now classified as a tropical storm, according to the Philippine national weather service, which calls it a different name, Chedeng. It boasts steady winds of more than 70 mph (115 kph) and gusts up to 90 mph as of 5 p.m. (5 a.m. ET) Saturday. Still, that doesn't mean Maysak won't pack a wallop. Authorities took preemptive steps to keep people safe such as barring outdoor activities like swimming, surfing, diving and boating in some locales, as well as a number of precautionary evacuations. Gabriel Llave, a disaster official, told PNA that tourists who arrive Saturday in and around the coastal town of Aurora "will not be accepted by the owners of hotels, resorts, inns and the like ... and will be advised to return to their respective places." Aldczar Aurelio, a meteorologist with the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA), said the storm was centered 200 miles southwest of Aurora province as of 5 p.m. (5 a.m. ET) and heading west at a 12.5 mph clip. It's expected to make landfall Sunday morning on the southeastern coast of Isabela province and be out of the Philippines by Monday. Ahead of the storm. Isabela Gov. Faustino Dry III warned Saturday that residents should act as if this will be "no ordinary typhoon." Dry told PNA, "We do not know what the impact will be once it will make landfall."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tropical storm Maysak is expected to make landfall Sunday morning.
Authorities have issued precautionary evacuations.
Tourists who arrive Saturday in and around the coastal town of Aurora "will not be accepted," officials say.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)For the first time in eight years, a TV legend returned to doing what he does best. Contestants told to "come on down!" on the April 1 edition of "The Price Is Right" encountered not host Drew Carey but another familiar face in charge of the proceedings. Instead, there was Bob Barker, who hosted the TV game show for 35 years before stepping down in 2007. Looking spry at 91, Barker handled the first price-guessing game of the show, the classic "Lucky Seven," before turning hosting duties over to Carey, who finished up. Despite being away from the show for most of the past eight years, Barker didn't seem to miss a beat.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Bob Barker hosted "The Price Is Right" for 35 years before stepping down in 2007.
Barker handled the first price-guessing game of the show, the classic "Lucky Seven"
Barker turned hosting duties over to Drew Carey, who finished up.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: London (CNN)A 19-year-old man was charged Wednesday with terror offenses after he was arrested as he returned to Britain from Turkey, London's Metropolitan Police said. Yahya Rashid, a UK national from northwest London, was detained at Luton airport on Tuesday after he arrived on a flight from Istanbul, police said. He's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism, and with engaging in conduct with the intention of assisting others to commit acts of terrorism. Both charges relate to the period between November 1 and March 31. Rashid is due to appear in Westminster Magistrates' Court on Wednesday, police said. CNN's Lindsay Isaac contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police: 19-year-old UK national was arrested at Luton airport.
He's been charged with engaging in conduct in preparation of acts of terrorism.
Both charges relate to the period between November 1 and March 31.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Paul Walker is hardly the first actor to die during a production. But Walker's death in November 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash was especially eerie given his rise to fame in the "Fast and Furious" film franchise. The release of "Furious 7" on Friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember -- and possibly grieve again -- the man that so many have praised as one of the nicest guys in Hollywood. "He was a person of humility, integrity, and compassion," military veteran Kyle Upham said in an email to CNN. Walker secretly paid for the engagement ring Upham shopped for with his bride. "We didn't know him personally but this was apparent in the short time we spent with him. I know that we will never forget him and he will always be someone very special to us," said Upham. The actor was on break from filming "Furious 7" at the time of the fiery accident, which also claimed the life of the car's driver, Roger Rodas. Producers said early on that they would not kill off Walker's character, Brian O'Connor, a former cop turned road racer. Instead, the script was rewritten and special effects were used to finish scenes, with Walker's brothers, Cody and Caleb, serving as body doubles. There are scenes that will resonate with the audience -- including the ending, in which the filmmakers figured out a touching way to pay tribute to Walker while "retiring" his character. At the premiere Wednesday night in Hollywood, Walker's co-star and close friend Vin Diesel gave a tearful speech before the screening, saying "This movie is more than a movie." "You'll feel it when you see it," Diesel said. "There's something emotional that happens to you, where you walk out of this movie and you appreciate everyone you love because you just never know when the last day is you're gonna see them." There have been multiple tributes to Walker leading up to the release. Diesel revealed in an interview with the "Today" show that he had named his newborn daughter after Walker. Social media has also been paying homage to the late actor. A week after Walker's death, about 5,000 people attended an outdoor memorial to him in Los Angeles. Most had never met him. Marcus Coleman told CNN he spent almost $1,000 to truck in a banner from Bakersfield for people to sign at the memorial. "It's like losing a friend or a really close family member ... even though he is an actor and we never really met face to face," Coleman said. "Sitting there, bringing his movies into your house or watching on TV, it's like getting to know somebody. It really, really hurts." Walker's younger brother Cody told People magazine that he was initially nervous about how "Furious 7" would turn out, but he is happy with the film. "It's bittersweet, but I think Paul would be proud," he said. CNN's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Paul Walker's death in November 2013 at the age of 40 after a car crash.
Release of "Furious 7" on Friday offers the opportunity for fans to remember.
Actor was on break from filming "Furious 7" at the time of the fiery accident.
Producers said early on that they would not kill off Walker's character.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Seventy years ago, Anne Frank died of typhus in a Nazi concentration camp at the age of 15. Just two weeks after her supposed death on March 31, 1945, the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp where she had been imprisoned was liberated -- timing that showed how close the Jewish diarist had been to surviving the Holocaust. But new research released by the Anne Frank House shows that Anne and her older sister, Margot Frank, died at least a month earlier than previously thought. Researchers re-examined archives of the Red Cross, the International Training Service and the Bergen-Belsen Memorial, along with testimonies of survivors. They concluded that Anne and Margot probably did not survive to March 1945 -- contradicting the date of death which had previously been determined by Dutch authorities. In 1944, Anne and seven others hiding in the Amsterdam secret annex were arrested and sent to the  Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp. Anne Frank's final entry . That same year, Anne and Margot were separated from their mother and sent away to work as slave labor at the Bergen-Belsen camp in Germany. Days at the camp were filled with terror and dread, witnesses said. The sisters stayed in a section of the overcrowded camp with no lighting, little water and no latrine. They slept on lice-ridden straw and violent storms shredded the tents, according to the researchers. Like the other prisoners, the sisters endured long hours at roll call. Her classmate, Nannette Blitz, recalled seeing Anne there in December 1944: "She was no more than a skeleton by then. She was wrapped in a blanket; she couldn't bear to wear her clothes anymore because they were crawling with lice." Listen to Anne Frank's friends describe her concentration camp experience . As the Russians advanced further, the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp became even more crowded, bringing more disease. A deadly typhus outbreak caused thousands to die each day. Typhus is an infectious disease caused by lice that breaks out in places with poor hygiene. The disease causes high fever, chills and skin eruptions. "Because of the lice infesting the bedstraw and her clothes, Anne was exposed to the main carrier of epidemic typhus for an extended period," museum researchers wrote. They concluded that it's unlikely the sisters survived until March, because witnesses at the camp said the sisters both had symptoms before February 7. "Most deaths caused by typhus occur around twelve days after the first symptoms appear," wrote  authors Erika Prins and Gertjan Broek. The exact dates of death for Anne and Margot remain unclear. Margot died before Anne. "Anne never gave up hope," said Blitz, her friend. "She was absolutely convinced she would survive." Her diary endures as one of the world's most popular books. Read more about Anne Frank's cousin, a keeper of her legacy .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Anne Frank's death was determined to be in March 1945.
New research shows that Anne and her sister died at least a month earlier.
Anne and Margot were separated from their mother in 1944.
Anne's diary is one of the world's most popular books.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)If you're famous and performing the American national anthem, be prepared to become a national hero or a national disgrace. Facts are facts.  Just ask Vince, Whitney, Roseanne, Jimi and Michael. Mötley Crüe's Vince Neil reminded us again this week of the dangers of tackling "The Star-Spangled Banner." Sure, he can shred it on "Girls, Girls, Girls" and "Dr. Feelgood," but this is a different story -- a completely different story. To say Neil butchered the song before the Las Vegas Outlaws Arena Football League game would be unkind to those in the profession.  There's less carnage when butchers are done with their work. The late Whitney Houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at Super Bowl XXV.  In the early stages of the Gulf War in 1991, a patriotic America saluted her performance. Just six months earlier, comedian Roseanne Barr may have established the low-water mark. The crowd at the San Diego Padres game booed her rendition and President George H. W. Bush called it "disgraceful." There's nothing quite like getting the presidential thumbs down. One of the most controversial and beloved versions of "The Star-Spangled Banner" comes from 1969. Guitar slinger Jimi Hendrix inflamed mainstream America with his psychedelic take on the national anthem to the delight of the Woodstock generation. And then there's Michael Bolton's version.  Overly wrought songs are his specialty and he doesn't disappoint in that department when he sings at the American League Championship Series in 2003.  Bolton belts it out, but there's one little problem -- the words.  Can anyone say crib notes?<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mötley Crüe's Vince Neil butchered the song before the Las Vegas Outlaws Arena Football League game.
Whitney Houston set the modern standard for the national anthem at Super Bowl XXV.
Comedian Roseanne Barr may have established the low-water mark.
Guitar slinger Jimi Hendrix inflamed mainstream America with his psychedelic take on the national anthem.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)On May 28, 2014, some 7,000 people gathered in a stadium in China's northwestern Xinjiang region. But they had not come to watch the local football team or any other grand sporting event. Instead, the authorities paraded scores of prisoners dressed in orange jumpsuits. Armed soldiers guarded the exits. In the patently unfair, open air trial that followed, 55 people were found guilty of a range of offenses linked to violent attacks in the region and jailed. Three were sentenced to death. The public mass sentencing was part a China's "Strike Hard" campaign against unrest in Xinjiang, a campaign the government claims was launched to combat "terrorism" and "separatism." But it was also indicative of a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world -- governments using the death penalty in a misguided, and often cynical, attempt to tackle crime and terrorism. Today, Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide.  Much of it makes for grim reading. In Pakistan, the government lifted a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians in the wake of the horrific Taliban attack on a school in Peshawar in December. More than 60 people have been put to death since, and the government has threatened to send thousands more death row prisoners to the gallows.  Iran and Iraq executed people for "terrorism," and other countries expanded the scope of capital crimes in their penal codes. In a year when abhorrent summary executions by armed groups were branded on the global consciousness as never before, governments are themselves resorting to more executions in a knee-jerk reaction to terrorism. Other countries made use of executions in similarly flawed attempts to address -- or appear to address -- crime rates. Jordan ended an eight-year moratorium in December, putting 11 murder convicts to death, with the government saying it was a move to end a surge in violent crime.  In Indonesia, authorities announced plans to execute mainly drug traffickers to tackle a public safety "national emergency." Six people have already been executed this year. A sharp spike in death sentences recorded in 2014 -- up more than 500 on the previous year -- can also be attributed to governments using the death penalty as a political tool.  The rise was largely because of developments in Egypt and Nigeria, where courts imposed hundreds of death sentences in the context of internal political instability or crime and armed conflict. The simple fact is that governments using the death penalty to tackle crime and security threats are deceiving themselves or the public or both. There is no evidence that the threat of execution is more of a deterrent to crime than a prison sentence, as United Nations and other studies have repeatedly confirmed. It is high time that world leaders stop using the death penalty as an easy way out when times get tough. At Amnesty International, we have campaigned for an end to the death penalty for decades. Thankfully, most of the world now appears to agree with us. The numbers speak for themselves. In 1945 when the United Nations was founded, only eight countries had abolished the death penalty. Today, 140 states are abolitionist in law or practice. Last year, we recorded executions in 22 countries, down by almost a half from 20 years ago. Despite the troubling developments we recorded last year, there was still much good news to be found. The number of executions recorded around the world dropped significantly in 2014 compared with the previous year, from 778 to 607. This number does not include China, where more people are put to death than the rest of the world put together, but with death penalty statistics treated as a state secret, the true figure is impossible to determine. Executions were recorded in only three countries in sub-Saharan Africa -- Equatorial Guinea, Somalia and Sudan -- and the number of people put to death went down by more than a quarter. The Americas continued to be execution-free, apart from the United States. Those governments that still execute need to realize that they are on the wrong side of history. They must join the vast majority of countries which have dropped the ultimate cruel punishment. Fighting for an end to the death penalty remains an uphill task, but all of us must try to make the world free of this punishment. With determination, I know that we can achieve this goal.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide.
More than 60 people have been put to death since Pakistan lifted moratorium.
Jordan ended an eight-year moratorium in December, putting 11 murder convicts to death.
In Indonesia, authorities announced plans to execute mainly drug traffickers.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Michele Bachmann is comparing President Obama to the co-pilot of the doomed Germanwings flight. "With his Iran deal, Barack Obama is for the 300 million souls of the United States what Andreas Lubitz was for the 150 souls on the German Wings flight - a deranged pilot flying his entire nation into the rocks," the Minnesota Republican and former representative wrote in a Facebook comment posted March 31. "After the fact, among the smoldering remains of American cities, the shocked survivors will ask, why did he do it?" Andreas Lubitz, the co-pilot of Germanwings Flight 9525, is accused by authorities of deliberately crashing the plane in the French Alps. He died in the crash along with 149 other crew and passengers. The motive of the March 24 crash is under investigation, though investigators are looking in to whether Lubitz feared a medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot's license. Many comments posted on her Facebook page blasted the former representative. Melissa Coca wrote, "Comparing this tragedy to anything is moronic and despicable." Michael J Pristash wrote, "Your allusion is so inappropriate and divisive, not to mention disrespectful on so many levels. Shame on you." Some also accused her of taking desperate measures to stay in the public eye. Lynda Anderson wrote, "Posting outrageous things in a pathetic attempt to stay relevant?" Negotiations are coming down to the wire between Iran, the United States and other nations on restricting Tehran's nuclear program to prevent the ability to develop an atomic bomb. One deadline passed Tuesday, but there is a June 30 deadline for a comprehensive deal -- with all technical and diplomatic impasses fully worked out. Bachmann is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the President's dealing with Iran, personally telling him to "bomb Iran" during the 2014 White House Christmas Party. "I turned to the president and I said, something to the effect of, 'Mr. President, you need to bomb the Iranian nuclear facilities, because if you don't, Iran will have a nuclear weapon on your watch and the course of world history will change,'" she told the Washington Free Beacon. The congresswoman, who sought the GOP presidential nomination in 2012, said Obama had a "condescending smile on his face and laughed at me." She said he told her: "Well Michele, it's just not that easy."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Michele Bachmann: Obama is like co-pilot of Germanwings flight.
Bachmann: Obama is for 300 million souls of the United States what Lubitz was for 150 souls.
Obama is no stranger to voicing her opinion on the President's dealing with Iran.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The FBI charged a Philadelphia woman on Thursday with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS. She's one of three women arrested this week on terror charges. Two New York women were also taken into custody. An FBI complaint cites numerous social media messages dating back to August 2013 that were sent by Keonna Thomas, 30, also known as "Young Lioness" and "Fatayat Al Khilafah." One Twitter message said, "If we truly knew the realities ... we all would be rushing to join our brothers in the front lines pray ALLAH accept us as shuhada [martyrs]." Another said, "When you're a mujahid [violent jihadi fighter] your death becomes a wedding." The FBI said Thomas purchased an electronic visa to Turkey on March 23. Turkey is known as the easiest place from which to enter Syria and join ISIS. An ISIS manual advises recruits to buy round-trip tickets to vacation spots such as Spain and then purchase tickets for their real destination once they arrive overseas, the FBI said. On March 26, Thomas purchased a ticket to Barcelona, with a March 29 departure and an April 15 return to the United States, the complaint said. It's not clear when or where she was arrested. She was charged with knowingly attempting to provide material support and resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization. She could be sentenced to 15 years in prison. On Thursday, Noelle Velentzas, 28, and her former roommate, Asia Siddiqui, 31, were arrested in New York and accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the United States, federal prosecutors said. In the past 18 months, the Justice Department's National Security Division has prosecuted or is prosecuting more than 30 cases of people attempting to travel abroad to join or provide support to terrorist groups. Of those cases, 18 allegedly involve support to ISIS. "The terrorist threat is more decentralized, more diffuse, more complicated," Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told reporters Thursday. "It involves the potential lone wolf actor, it involves the effective use of social media, the Internet."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Keonna Thomas, 30, was charged with trying to provide support to ISIS.
She could be sentenced to 15 years in prison.
Two New York women were also taken into custody.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Since Iran's Islamic Revolution in 1979, women have been barred from attending most sports events involving men. But the situation appears set to improve in the coming months after a top Iranian sports official said that the ban will be lifted for some events. A plan to allow "women and families" to enter sports stadiums will come into effect in the next year, Deputy Sports Minister Abdolhamid Ahmadi said Saturday, according to state-run media. But it isn't clear exactly which games women will be able to attend. According to the state-run Press TV, Ahmadi said the restrictions would be lifted for indoor sports events. The rules won't change for all matches because some sports are mainly related to men and "families are not interested in attending" them, Press TV cited him as saying. Iranian authorities imposed the ban on women attending men's sports events after the revolution, deeming that mixed crowds watching games together was un-Islamic. During the ensuing decades, the crowds at soccer games, Iran's most popular sport, have been all male. Iranian women were briefly permitted to attend volleyball matches under the moderate President Mohammad Khatami, but the ban was reinstated in 2005 after the more hard-line Mahmoud Ahmadinejad came to power. The Iranian government has come under pressure from international sports officials over the restrictions. FIFA President Sepp Blatter called on Iran last month to end its "intolerable" ban on women attending soccer matches, saying the situation "cannot continue." Iran had been in the running to host the 2019 edition of soccer's Asian Cup, but the tournament was awarded to the United Arab Emirates. The ban on women attending matches was widely seen as a major impediment to Iran's chances of securing the event. The ban came under the spotlight at the Asian Cup in Australia earlier this year, when thousands of female Iranian fans watched their soccer team without restriction. During the match against Iraq, activists called for the ban to end and unfurled a banner showing the face of Ghoncheh Ghavami, a British-Iranian woman detained in Iran last year while trying to watch a volleyball match. Iranian officials have denied that Ghavami was arrested for attending the volleyball game, saying she was taken into custody for "anti-Iran activities." The news agency Reuters reported that she was recently pardoned by the Court of Appeal. CNN's Annie Ramos contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ban on women attending men's sports events imposed after Islamic Revolution.
Women were briefly permitted to attend volleyball matches under Khatami.
Iranian authorities imposed ban on women attending men's sports events after the revolution.
FIFA President Sepp Blatter called on Iran to end its "intolerable" ban on women attending soccer matches.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)When singer Avril Lavigne went missing from the music scene, there was tons of speculation. Was she pregnant? In rehab? Going through a split from her husband, Nickelback front man Chad Kroeger? Focus on the mystery intensified in December after a fan Twitter account posted a direct message from Lavigne when she solicited prayers, saying she was "having some health issues." Now the Canadian singer has revealed to People magazine that she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease. "I felt like I couldn't breathe, I couldn't talk, and I couldn't move," she told the magazine. "I thought I was dying." Lyme disease: What you should know . Lavigne believes that she was bitten by a tick last spring. What followed was months of lightheadedness and lethargy that doctors were initially unable to diagnose. The 30-year-old performer said she recuperated in her Ontario home, where her husband would use tour breaks to care for her and her mother moved in to assist. "There were definitely times I couldn't shower for a full week because I could barely stand," she told People. "It felt like having all your life sucked out of you." Opinion: Why you should be afraid of Lyme disease . After her direct message about her health went viral, Lavigne was inundated with concern from fans. "The get-well messages and videos they sent touched me so deeply," she said. Now declaring herself "80 percent better," Lavigne is releasing a new single this month to support the 2015 Special Olympics and says that being ill was a "wake-up call" that has given her a new perspective. "I really just want to enjoy life from here on out," she said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Avril Lavigne says she was bedridden for five months after contracting Lyme disease.
Lyme disease: What you should know.
Lavigne says she was bitten by a tick last spring.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A trip to a former heavyweight champ's gaudy, abandoned mansion. The tallest and fastest "giga-coaster" in the world. A dramatic interview with a famed spiritual leader -- and the tearful reaction by one of his former students. These are some of the best videos of the week: . In the 1980s and '90s -- before he moved to Vegas and started keeping tigers as pets -- former heavyweight boxer Mike Tyson lived in a Southington, Ohio, mansion. The home featured an indoor swimming pool, a marble-and-gold Jacuzzi (with mirrored ceiling, naturally) and an entertainment room large enough for small concerts. Tyson sold the house in 1999; it's due to become, of all things, a church. The video can be seen at the top of this story. Not a fan of roller coasters? You may want to skip the next video -- but for the rest of us, the thrill of watching is the next best thing to being there. The Fury 325 can be found at Carowinds amusement part in Charlotte, North Carolina. Watch the video: . In a CNN exclusive, Alisyn Camerota looked into allegations that Bikram yoga creator Bikram Choudhury sexually assaulted six former students. "He's a person who's based a lot of truths on a lot of lies," said Sarah Baughn, who alleges that Choudhury sexually assaulted her. Watch the video: . CNN's Karl Penhaul spoke to a shepherd who witnessed the final seconds of Germanwings Flight 9525, which crashed in the French Alps last week. "I saw the plane heading down along the valley and I said, 'My God, it's going to hit the mountain,' " Jean Varrieras told Penhaul. "I ducked my head. ... Then after that, I saw the smoke." Watch the video: . Magician and comedian Penn Jillette was part of a panel speaking to CNN's Don Lemon about the controversial Indiana religious freedom law. Jillette, an avowed atheist and libertarian, noted "we are not talking about forcing people to engage in gay sex, or even endorse gay sex." His provocative opening led to an energetic back-and-forth with the Alliance Defending Freedom's Kristen Waggoner and the ACLU's Rita Sklar. Watch the video: . A professor of physics at a British university asked 100 people to create a composite with facial features they thought were beautiful -- and then asked another 100 to rate their attractiveness. You'll never guess what celebrities best fit the model. Watch the video: .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mike Tyson lived in a mansion in Ohio.
The home featured an indoor swimming pool, a Jacuzzi.
Tyson sold the house in 1999; it's due to become, of all things, a church.
The Fury 325 can be found at Carowinds amusement part in Charlotte, North Carolina.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions, saying he sees better options than "this bad deal or war." "I think there's a third alternative, and that is standing firm, ratcheting up the pressure until you get a better deal," Netanyahu told CNN's Jim Acosta Sunday on "State of the Union." His comments come as Democrats and Republicans spar over the framework announced last week to lift Western sanctions on Iran in exchange for the country dropping from 19,000 to 5,060 active centrifuges, limiting its highly enriched uranium, and increasing inspections. President Barack Obama endorsed the deal, saying it was better than the alternatives. But GOP contenders for the party's 2016 presidential nomination lambasted it, saying it gave Iran too much flexibility. On Sunday, the sparring continued. One Senate Democrat said Netanyahu needs to "contain himself." And a top Republican said almost any of Obama's successors as president "could do better." Netanyahu's most recent argument against the Iran nuclear deal was similar to the one he'd made in a March trip to Washington, when he addressed a joint session of Congress -- fueling a Republican push to have the deal sent to Congress before it's implemented. "It does not roll back Iran's nuclear program. It keeps a vast nuclear infrastructure in place. Not a single centrifuge is destroyed. Not a single nuclear facility is shut down, including the underground facilities that they built illicitly. Thousands of centrifuges will keep spinning, enriching uranium," Netanyahu said Sunday. "That's a very bad deal. " Netanyahu said Iran is a country of "congenital cheating" and that it can't be trusted to abide by the terms of the deal, which lasts 10 years with some provisions extending well beyond that. He said his opposition has little to do with his frosty relationship with Obama. "I think that we can have a legitimate difference of opinion on this, because I think Iran has shown to be completely distrustful," Netanyahu said. Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California, meanwhile, said she wishes Netanyahu "would contain himself." The top-ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee said negotiators working on the deal -- from Iran and the United States, as well as Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany -- are "on the cusp of something that can be workable." "It's a framework. It has to be wrapped into a final agreement. There still can be some changes," Feinstein said. "But I don't think it's helpful for Israel to come out and oppose this one opportunity to change a major dynamic -- which is downhill, a downhill dynamic in this part of the world." Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz defended the deal in an appearance on CBS' "Face the Nation" on Sunday, saying it would extend from two months to one year the "breakout" time period -- the length of time it would take Iran to build a nuclear bomb. He said it also allows for the "almost instantaneous recognition of any attempt to evade the deal." "We have blocked all of these pathways to a bomb," he said. Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, said on "Face the Nation" that the best option for the United States is to keep current sanctions in place for two more years and then have a "new crack at it with a new president that doesn't have the baggage of Obama." And he said the alternatives to Obama on both sides -- with the exception of Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, who's called for a less active U.S. role overseas -- would likely strike a better deal. "Hillary Clinton would do better. I think everybody on our side, except, maybe, Rand Paul, could do better," Graham said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Israeli PM: "I think there's a third alternative"
PM's comments come as Democrats and Republicans spar over Iran deal.
One Senate Democrat says Netanyahu needs to "contain himself"
Top Republican says almost any of Obama's successors could do better.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Standing up for what you believe. What does it cost you? What do you gain? Memories Pizza in the Indiana town of Walkerton is finding out. The family-run restaurant finds itself at the center of the debate over the state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act after its owners said they'd refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding. "If a gay couple was to come and they wanted us to bring pizzas to their wedding, we'd have to say no," Crystal O'Connor told CNN affiliate WBND-TV in South Bend. The statement struck at the heart of fears by critics, who said the new law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians. They called for boycotts. But supporters also rallied. And by the end of the week, they had donated more than $842,000 for the business. Social media unloaded on the pizzeria in the community of 2,100 people that few folks outside northern Indiana knew existed before this week. RiskyLiberal tweeted: "Dear #MemoriesPizza. No. My boycotting your business because I don't like your religious bigotry is not a violation of your freedom to practice your religion." "Don't threaten #MemoriesPizza" tweeted Aღanda. "Just mock them for their ignorance." Bad reviews flooded the restaurant's Facebook page, most having little to do with the quality of the food.  Many too vulgar to share. "Do you really want to financially support a company that treats some of your fellow citizens like second class citizens? BOYCOTT MEMORIES PIZZA!!" said Rob Katz of Indianapolis.  "Let's hope they either rethink their policy or the free market puts them out of business." Anti-bigotry critics harass wrong pizzeria . But one outburst in particular shut down the restaurant Wednesday and was expected to do the same Thursday. "Who's going to Walkerton with me to burn down Memories Pizza?" Jessica Dooley of Goshen tweeted, according to the Walkerton Police Department. The account has been deleted since the tweet was posted. Detectives who investigated have recommended charges of harassment, intimidation and threats, according to Charles Kulp, assistant police chief. The mood was a bit more subdued on the streets of Walkerton. A man stood outside Memories simply holding a sign that reads "bigots." Jason Narducy bought $100 of pizza from another shop down the street and started handing it out, WBND reported. "Do you want some non-discriminatory pizza?" Narducy asked. But for every tweet and Facebook post taking Memories Pizza to task were words of support and a groundswell of financial support. "Because nothing says tolerance like threatening to kill Christians & burn down their businesses," said a tweet from Victor Nikki. "What's happening to #MemoriesPizza isn't the free market, it's a lynch mob," tweeted Savannah. "Cyber bulling isn't the same as taking your business elsewhere." Supporters rallied to a GoFundMe page in support of Memories Pizza. By the time the fundraiser ended late Friday, $842,387 had been raised. The purpose of the campaign is "to relieve the financial loss endured by the proprietors' stand for faith," according to  Lawrence Billy Jones II, the man who started it. For the O'Connors their stand was no pie in the sky dream. It wasn't calculated but was spurred by their beliefs, they told WBND. "That's a lifestyle that you choose. I choose to be heterosexual. They choose to be homosexual," Kevin O'Connor told the TV station. "You can't beat me over the head with something they choose to be." Faced with threats against business, they're still weighing the cost. CNN's Rob Frehse and Melanie Whitley contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Family-run restaurant finds itself at center of debate over state's Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
Owners say they'd refuse to cater same-sex couple's wedding.
Statement struck at heart of fears by critics, who said law would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians.
Supporters rallied, and by the end of the week, they had donated more than $842,000 for the business.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Police in the Indian city of Malegaon, in the western state of Maharashtra, are requiring identity cards for an unusual group of residents: Cattle. Following a recent state-wide ban on the sale and consumption of beef, authorities in the city have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle and submit it to the police. Along with the photograph, the residents have to give information about their animal's 'unique features,' such as the coloring and age of the cow, along with the length of its tail and other distinctive characteristics. Police officials believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law. Cows are considered holy and revered by that state's majority Hindu population. "We are creating a database. If we get an information of a cow slaughter, we can quickly go to the resident's place and check whether it is there or not", Mahesh Sawai, Deputy Superintendent of Malegaon Police told CNN. "I believe this will be very effective" So far over 100 owners have complied with the police order and more are lining up outside police stations across the city to get their livestock photographed. The ruling came in the wake of a recent case of cow slaughter in Malegaon, where two men have been charged for killing the animal and and selling its meat. The Maharashtra Animal Preservation Bill now includes bans on the killing of bulls and bullocks in its list of non-bailable offenses. Even the consumption or sale of beef could now land you in prison for five years. The slaughter of buffaloes, however, is still permissible. However, beef traders in the country strongly reacted to the decision and called a month-long strike, which ended Wednesday. The traders refused to even slaughter buffaloes and deprive the state of all bovine meat. They have now vowed to file a case in the state's high court. Red meat lovers weren't too delighted either, arguing the government doesn't have a right to interfere in an individual's personal preference. Maharashtra is not the only Indian state to tighten its laws on cow slaughter. Haryana state has implemented a maximum punishment of 10 years in prison, the toughest penalty in the country. Rajnath Singh, India's Home Minister has promised that he would do all to devise a country-wide law against cow slaughter.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police in the Indian city of Malegaon, in the western state of Maharashtra, are requiring identity cards for an unusual group of residents: Cattle.
Police officials believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases and enforce the law.
Cows are considered holy and revered by that state's majority Hindu population.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The world's biggest and most powerful physics experiment is taking place as you read this. The Large Hadron Collider (LHC), a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world, is ready for action following a two-year shutdown. After problems that delayed the restart in March, scientists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) completed final tests, enabling the first beams to start circulating Sunday inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 km) ring. "Operating accelerators for the benefit of the physics community is what CERN's here for," CERN Director-General Rolf Heuer said on the organization's website. "Today, CERN's heart beats once more to the rhythm of the LHC." The LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second, with a beam circulating for 10 hours, traveling more than 6 billion miles (more than 10 billion kilometers) -- the distance from Earth to Neptune and back again. At near light-speed, a proton in the LHC makes 11,245 circuits per second. It took thousands of scientists, engineers and technicians decades to devise and build the particle accelerator, housed in a tunnel between Lake Geneva and the Jura mountain range. The purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang" -- the scientific theory said to explain the creation of the universe. By replicating the energy density and temperature, scientists hope to uncover how the universe evolved. Our current, limited, knowledge is based on what's called The Standard Model of particle physics.  "But we know that this model is not complete," Dr. Mike Lamont, operations group leader at the LHC, told CNN in March. The burning questions that remain include the origin of mass and why some particles are very heavy, while others have no mass at all; a unified description of all the fundamental forces such as gravity; and uncovering dark matter and dark energy, since visible matter accounts for only 4 percent of the universe. The LHC could also question the idea that the universe is only made of matter, despite the theory that antimatter must have been produced in the same amounts at the time of the Big Bang. CERN says the energies achievable by the LHC have only ever been found in nature. The machine alone costs approximately three billion euros (about $3.3 billion), paid for by member countries of CERN and contributions by non-member nations. The organization also asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by Swiss and French laws and a European Council Directive. Scientists and physics enthusiasts will be waiting with bated breath as the LHC ventures into the great unknown. "After two years of effort, the LHC is in great shape," said CERN Director for Accelerators and Technology, Frédérick Bordry. "But the most important step is still to come when we increase the energy of the beams to new record levels." Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: LHC is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
Scientists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) completed final tests.
The LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second.
The machine alone costs approximately three billion euros (about $3.3 billion)
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Atlanta (CNN)It was a scene worthy of any top cop show on TV -- bullets flying, banged-up cars and the FBI chasing an armed robbery suspect. In the end, two agents were injured in a crash and the suspect was shot before being captured. FBI agents and task force officers were following 36-year-old Kevone Charleston of Austell, Georgia, as he pulled into a CVS pharmacy in Forsyth County, Georgia, early Saturday. Charleston is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies dating to November 2013, according to FBI officials. "The incident all happened around 7 o'clock Saturday morning," said FBI Special Agent Stephen Emmett. "There were multiple agents and officers that were following him based on his prior MO, and when they saw he was about to rob another CVS, they moved in." Authorities say Charleston parked his vehicle nearby and then popped the hood as if there were something wrong. Then he walked to the CVS, preparing to enter. When agents confronted him, Charleston ran, got in his car and traveled about 75 yards as agents opened fire. "There were several FBI vehicles that were rammed or were hit by the suspect's vehicle when he was trying to flee. One government vehicle sustained heavy damage to its front and side, and another government SUV ended up on its side. That's how the two agents sustained their injuries," Emmett said. Twelve FBI agents and six government vehicles followed Charleston. Emmett said Charleston "was trying to get away, our agents were trying to stop him. He collided with the first government vehicle, the Taurus, then the second, and the SUV ended on its side. "The perp was stopped 8 feet away in the median, and that's where he received his gunshot wounds." The two agents were treated at an area hospital and released, according to Emmett, who says "they are fine." Charleston was shot and wounded by FBI agents and task force officers, but his injuries are not life threatening, according to Forsyth County Sheriff's Deputy Robin Regan. Although he declined to give details of the 32 previous robberies, Emmett said it was an intensive investigation that was already underway as a priority for the FBI's violent crimes and major offender squad. He added, "His MO involved armed confrontations, so our officers went into this fully prepared for an armed confrontation based on his past history." Emmett says he's relieved that the FBI's officers and agents are OK and that the suspect is in custody. He said it was the "conclusion of an intensive and lengthy investigation." CNN's Vivian Kuo and Ryan Scallan contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: FBI agents chase suspect in Georgia.
Kevone Charleston is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies.
Charleston was shot and wounded by FBI agents and task force officers.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Sky watchers in western North America are in for a treat: a nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse this morning. Here's how it's unfolding: . It started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time, when the moon began moving into Earth's shadow.  For the next hour and 45 minutes, that shadow will move across the moon and engulf it at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time. The total eclipse will only last four minutes and 43 seconds, and NASA says that makes it the shortest one of the century. Watch it live on NASA TV . While people west of the Mississippi River will have the best view, at least a partial eclipse will be visible across the nation. But sunrise will interrupt the show on the East Coast. Parts of South America, India, China and Russia also will be able to see the eclipse, but it won't be visible in Greenland, Iceland, Europe, Africa or the Middle East. A lunar eclipse happens when the sun, Earth and moon form a straight line in space, with the Earth smack in the middle. The sun shines on the Earth and creates a shadow. As the moon moves deeper into that shadow, it appears to turn dark and may even appear to be a reddish color.  Why red? Because Earth's atmosphere is filtering out most of the blue light. Some people have nicknamed the effect the "blood moon." NASA says lunar eclipses typically happen at least twice a year, but this eclipse is the third in a series of four in a row, known as a "tetrad."  The first was on April 15, 2014. The second was in September 2014, the next is Saturday and there will be one more, on September 28. If you want to learn more about the eclipse, NASA astronomer Mitzi Adams will take questions on Twitter @NASA_Marshall. Did you see the total lunar eclipse? Share your photos with CNN iReport.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Total lunar eclipse will last four minutes and 43 seconds.
Eclipse will be visible across the nation.
Eclipse is the third in a series of four in a row.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A Connecticut teen who has been forced to have chemotherapy to treat Hodgkin lymphoma will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being, according to her attorney, Josh Michtom. A Connecticut juvenile court judge issued a written decision Wednesday denying a motion to let the teen, identified in court documents as "Cassandra C.," go home. The judge also denied a motion for visitation. The 17-year-old is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemo treatments. On March 16, Michtom tried to convince the court that she should be able to return to her mother's home because she was no longer at imminent risk of harm from her illness. Michtom and attorney Michael Taylor, who represents Cassandra's mother, Jackie Fortin, released a written statement after receiving the judge's decision Wednesday: "We are disappointed in this ruling, not least of all because it draws a factual conclusion that is directly contradicted by the weight of the evidence. We're conferring with our clients now about next steps, including whether to take another appeal." Cassandra was diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma in September and medical experts gave her an 85% chance of survival if treated with chemotherapy. Without it, doctors said at the time, she was likely to die within two years. She started chemotherapy in November but ran away after two days, according to court documents, when she decided she did not want to put the poison of the treatment into her body. In December, a judge ordered the young woman to be under the custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families. At that time, she was admitted to Connecticut Children's Medical Center in Hartford and has remained there since then.  Doctors surgically implanted a port in Cassandra's chest to administer chemotherapy medications, which began in spite of legal maneuvers to halt them. Cassandra is feeling well and is in good shape as far as her health is concerned, according to Michtom. "She's seen in her case the side effects weren't bad, and she's been well-treated by the nurses and doctors and does want to complete the treatment," he said. Her treatment is scheduled to wrap up this month. Michtom and Taylor failed in their effort before the Connecticut Supreme Court to make the case that Cassandra was mature enough to make her own medical decisions. Joette Katz, the commissioner of the Department of Children and Families, told CNN in March the agency is "very pleased with Cassandra's progress toward a complete recovery. We understand how difficult this has been for Cassandra and her family, but we have had full confidence throughout that the medical professionals involved in her treatment would be successful in saving her life." The agency has denied CNN's request to speak with Cassandra or her physicians. According to Michtom, the Department of Children and Families could have withdrawn its position for an order of custody but hasn't. He said the department sees Cassandra as a flight risk because she has run away before. Representatives for the department have said in court and in conversations with Michtom and Taylor that they will withdraw their pending neglect petition once Cassandra completes her last round of chemo -- expected around the end of April -- and that she'll be allowed to return home. So for now, Cassandra is said to spend her days reading, watching TV and drawing. "The hospital is effectively jail," Michtom said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Connecticut teen diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma in September.
She started chemotherapy in November but ran away after two days.
Judge orders her to be under the custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families.
Department has said it will withdraw its pending neglect petition.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A high temperature of 63.5 degrees Fahrenheit might sound like a pleasant day in early spring -- unless you're in Antarctica. The chilly continent recorded the temperature (15.5 degrees Celsius) on March 24, possibly the highest ever recorded on Antarctica, according to the Weather Underground. The temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula, according to CNN affiliate WTNH. (Note to map lovers: The Argentine base is not geographically part of the South American continent.) The World Meteorological Organization, a specialized United Nations agency, is in the process of setting up an international ad-hoc committee of about 10 blue-ribbon climatologists and meteorologists to begin collecting relevant evidence, said Randy Cerveny, the agency's lead rapporteur of weather and climate extremes and Arizona State University professor of geographical sciences. The committee will examine the equipment used to measure the temperature, whether it was in good working order, whether the correct monitoring procedures were followed, whether the equipment was placed in the correct location and whether the measurement is matched by corresponding records from surrounding stations, Cerveny said. The committee will discuss the issues and make a recommendation to Cerveny, who will make an official finding, probably by late summer or early fall. Researchers who study climate change carefully watch weather changes in the Antarctic region and elsewhere for evidence that the Earth is getting warmer.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: High temperature of 63.5 degrees Fahrenheit recorded in Antarctica.
Temperature was recorded at Argentina's Esperanza Base on the northern tip of the Antarctica Peninsula.
The World Meteorological Organization is setting up an international ad-hoc committee.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Atlanta (CNN)Robert Lewis Burns Jr., the original drummer in Southern rock band Lynyrd Skynyrd, died Friday night in a car crash, a Georgia State Patrol spokesman said. Burns, 64, died after his car hit a mailbox and a tree in Cartersville, spokesman James Tallent said. No other cars were involved in the crash, which occurred shortly before midnight. "He was not restrained at the time of the crash," Tallent told CNN. The musician lived in northern Georgia. Burns was part of the genre-defining band's original lineup, which formed in Jacksonville, Florida, in 1965. Lead singer Ronnie Van Zant started Noble Five with Burns, guitarists Gary Rossington and Allen Collins and bassist Larry Junstrom in their hometown. It then made a name change in a reference to a high school gym teacher. Lynyrd Skynyrd changed members over the years as it produced rock anthems including "Sweet Home Alabama" and "Freebird." Burns left the band before its third studio album, "Nuthin Fancy," in 1975, "exhausted by touring," according to the band's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame biography. He was not involved in the 1977 plane crash that killed three members, including Van Zant. The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006. Lynyrd Skynyrd still tours with Rossington, the only original member still in the band. "Today I'm at a loss for words but I just remember Bob being a funny guy," Rossington said on the band's official Facebook page. "My heart goes out to his family and God bless him and them in this sad time. He was a great great drummer." People we've lost in 2015 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Robert Lewis Burns Jr. died in a car crash Friday night in Georgia.
He was part of the band's original lineup, which formed in Jacksonville, Florida.
The band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2006.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Seoul, South Korea (CNN)The man accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in Seoul last month is now charged with attempted murder, a South Korean court official said Wednesday. Kim Ki-Jong has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction, the Seoul Central District Court official said. According to South Korean law, Kim's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment. Lippert was stabbed March 5 during an event organized by the Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation, which advocates peaceful reunification between North and South Korea. Shortly before Lippert was supposed to give a speech, the attacker slashed him in the face and jaw. The ambassador suffered a gash from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw that required 80 stitches. That wound measured 10 centimeters (4 inches) long and 2.5 centimeters (1 inch) deep, but there was no serious facial nerve damage, said Dr. Jung Nam-shik of the Yonsei Severance Hospital. Lippert also suffered five cuts in his left arm and hand, but was not expected to have permanent damage to his arm function. Police said Kim stabbed Lippert with a 10-inch knife because he opposed the joint South Korean-U.S. military drills, which happen every year and frequently draw the ire of North Korea. Police official Yoon Myeong-seong told reporters that Kim had visited North Korea seven times between 1999 and 2007, and that authorities were investigating a possible connection between his visits to the reclusive state and the attack against Lippert. Kim, 55, has a history of unpredictable behavior. In 2010, he received a suspended two-year prison sentence for throwing a piece of concrete at a Japanese ambassador to South Korea, according to the Yonhap news agency. South Korean President Park Geun-hye condemned the attack. "This incident is not only a physical attack on the U.S. ambassador," she said, "but an attack on the South Korea-U.S. alliance and it can never be tolerated." CNN's Madison Park and Greg Botelho contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kim Ki-Jong accused of stabbing U.S. ambassador Mark Lippert in Seoul.
Kim has also been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy and business obstruction.
Lippert was stabbed March 5 during an event organized by the Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)When Hong Kong police answered a call in the early hours of a Saturday morning last November, they encountered a grisly scene and an alleged crime that shocked the city. One woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks. Another was stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony. A former banker, 29-year-old Briton Rurik Jutting, was charged with two counts of murder. On Thursday, a court hearing that was to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial was adjourned until May. Here's what we know so far about the victims and their alleged attacker. Jutting allegedly lived at the murder scene, an upmarket apartment in the middle of Wan Chai, an inner-city suburb that's home to an eclectic mix of late-night bars, residential tower blocks and local markets selling groceries and assorted cheap goods. In the early hours of Saturday morning, November 1, police say Jutting called them to the apartment.  There they found a woman lying on the blood-splattered floor, later identified as 29-year-old Seneng Mujiasih. During a search of the apartment, officers uncovered another body hidden in a suitcase on the balcony. It's alleged 25-year-old Sumarti Ningsih was killed on October 27, five days before her body was found. Sumarti Ningsih was from Cilacap, in Central Java, and was the mother of a five-year-old girl. In a statement, her cousin, Jumiati, described her as  "just an ordinary woman from Indonesia" who, like many others, was "forced to work abroad to feed her poor family and make her dream comes (sic) true." "She wanted to work as professional so she can earn money and dignity for her family," Jumiati wrote. "She is good girl and did not deserve this treatment." According to the Asian Migrant Coordinating Body, Ningsih was visiting Hong Kong as a tourist and had been due to fly back to Jakarta the day after her body was found. Last year, her grieving father, Ahmad Khaliman, told Agence France-Presse that his daughter had worked in Hong Kong as a domestic helper between 2011 and 2013. She'd since returned on two occasions, Khaliman said. He said the family had been shocked by her murder, and called for the perpetrator to be executed. "If not, I cannot accept it. He has already taken my daughter's life, so he has to pay with his life," he told CNN affiliate Trans7. Seneng Mujiasih had more recently worked as a domestic worker in Hong Kong but had overstayed her visa, according to the Asian Migrant Co-ordinating Body. Also known as Jesse Lorena, Mujiasih was from the city of Muna in Sulawesi province, in southeast Indonesia. Other than that, few details are known about her life and why she stayed on in Hong Kong. After news of their death spread, fellow domestic workers held a vigil in Hong Kong's Victoria Park. Around 200 people gathered to sing and pray, and lay flowers besides photos of the two women. The victims' bodies were buried after being repatriated to Indonesia in November. Before being taken into custody, Rurik Jutting lived in the upmarket J Residence in Wan Chai.  He was detained at the scene, where police found the bodies of two women and seized a knife during a search of the premises. It's unclear when Jutting left his job as a trader at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch; a BoA spokesman would only confirm that a man of the same name had worked there in the past. Jutting's profile on LinkedIn said he haad been employed at the bank's structured equity finance and trading division in Hong Kong since July 2013. Before that, he worked in the same unit in London for three years. According to the profile, Jutting previously worked in capital markets for the British bank Barclays and studied history and law at the prestigious University of Cambridge, between 2004 and 2008. As part of the trial process, tests were conducted to determined if Jutting was psychologically fit to enter a plea. He was. The case was then adjourned to allow for more than 200 pieces of forensic and DNA evidence to be analyzed.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hong Kong police find two bodies in apartment in Wan Chai.
One woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck and buttocks.
Another was stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony.
Former banker Rurik Jutting charged with two counts of murder.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)"Jake the dog and Finn the human. The fun will never end. Adventure Time." So begins the dreamy theme song intro to the strangely addictive Cartoon Network TV show that's centered around psychedelic characters like the Ice King, Marceline the Vampire Queen and, of course, Jake and Finn. Now, mega-fans of the hit show can experience "Adventure Time" in the skies. Thai Smile, a subsidiary of Thailand flag carrier Thai Airways, on Thursday unveiled colorful new livery featuring Jake, Finn and the beloved Princess Bubblegum sprawled across an Airbus A320 at Bangkok's Suvarnabhumi International Airport. The interior of the plane also has an Adventure Time theme, with overhead bins, head rests and even air sickness bags covered in the faces of characters from the show. Airlines show off their new flying colors . The Adventure Time plane is the result of a partnership between Thai Airways subsidiary Thai Smile and Cartoon Network Amazone, a new water park near the Thai resort city of Pattaya featuring attractions based on shows that appear on the Turner Broadcasting System channel. Turner Broadcasting is a parent company of CNN. Check out these cool airline liveries . The inaugural Thai Smile Adventure Time flight takes place on April 4, heading from Bangkok to Phuket.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Thai Smile unveils colorful new livery featuring Jake, Finn and Princess Bubblegum.
The interior of the plane also has an Adventure Time theme.
The inaugural Thai Smile Adventure Time flight takes place on April 4.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Imprisoned soldier Chelsea Manning can now communicate with the world  -- in 140 characters or less. Manning, who is serving a 35-year prison sentence for leaking thousands of classified documents, appears to have joined Twitter this week. In a series of tweets, the prisoner formerly known as Bradley Manning said she will be using a voice phone to dictate her tweets to  communications firm Fitzgibbon Media, which will post them on her behalf. She is not allowed Internet access in prison, according to The Guardian. "It will be hard, but I don't want this Twitter feed to be a one-way street/conversation," Manning posted to her nearly 26,000-plus followers. Manning was sentenced in 2013, and in August of that year, she said she wanted to transition to a female. The Fort Leavenworth Disciplinary Barracks in Kansas, where she is serving her sentence, has authorized hormone therapy for her treatment. Manning said she suffers from gender dysphoria. Her  lawyers describe it as "the medical diagnosis given to individuals whose gender identity -- their innate sense of being male or female -- differs from the sex they were assigned at birth, causing clinically significant distress." Last year, a Kansas judge granted her request to be formally known as Chelsea Elizabeth Manning. The former Army intelligence analyst was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of documents and videos to WikiLeaks in what has been described as the largest leak of classified material in U.S. history. She was found guilty of 20 of the 22 charges, including violations of the U.S. Espionage Act. Manning has written opinion pieces for The New York Times and The Guardian from prison.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Chelsea Manning, serving 35-year prison sentence, joins Twitter.
She will use a voice phone to dictate her tweets to communications firm Fitzgibbon.
Manning is not allowed Internet access in prison.
She suffers from gender dysphoria, a medical diagnosis for gender identity.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Universal's "Furious 7" continues to build momentum at the Friday box office for a weekend debut in the $135 million-$138 million range, the largest opening in North America since fall 2013. That includes a projected Friday take of $58 million-$60 million. The final film featuring the late Paul Walker, "Furious 7" is opening around the globe this weekend and earned a record-breaking $60 million internationally on Wednesday and Thursday for a possible worldwide debut approaching or crossing $300 million by the end of Easter Sunday. "Furious 7" is getting the widest release in Universal's history. Domestically, it will be playing in 4,003 theaters by Good Friday. Internationally, it has booked more than 10,500 screens in 63 territories, although it won't open in China, Japan and Russia until later. The current record-holder for top April opening domestically is "Captain America: The Winter Soldier," which debuted to $95 million from 3,928 theaters last year. "Furious 7" is likewise poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 to date. And it will easily beat the $121.9 million launch of "The Hunger Games Mockingjay — Part 1" in November 2104, making it the largest three-day opening since "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire" ($158 million) in November 2013. The movie enjoys massive awareness and interest, due to both the popularity of the street-racing series and Walker's death. The last film, "Fast & Furious 6," debuted to a franchise-best $117 million over the four-day Memorial Day weekend in 2012, including $97.4 million for the three days, on its way to grossing $788.7 million worldwide. Universal intended to open "Furious 7" on July 11, 2014, but production was halted in November 2013 when Walker died in a car crash during the Thanksgiving hiatus. After director James Wan, writer Chris Morgan and Universal pored over existing footage and tweaked the script, production resumed in April 2014. CGI and voice effects were used in some scenes featuring Walker's detective character, Brian O'Conner, with Walker's brothers, Caleb and Cody, used as stand-ins. "Furious 7" pits Vin Diesel's Dominic Toretto and crew (which includes Michelle Rodriguez and Tyrese Gibson, among others, as well as Walker) against Jason Statham's Deckard Shaw, out for revenge after the death of his brother. Dwayne Johnson also reprises his role as Hobbs. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Furious 7" is opening around the globe this weekend.
The film is getting the widest release in Universal's history.
The film is the largest opening in North America since fall 2013.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Deion Sanders is such a dad. The NFL legend called out Deion Sanders Jr. on Twitter for saying he only eats "hood doughnuts." In response, the elder Sanders -- in front of his 912,000 followers -- reminded his son he has a trust fund, a condo and his own clothing line called "Well Off." "You're a Huxtable with a million $ trust fund. Stop the hood stuff!" Sanders followed it up with another tweet that included the hashtags #versacesheets #Huxtable and #Trustfund. Junior is a wide receiver at Southern Methodist University, an aspiring entrepreneur and occasional rapper. His Twitter timeline is a mix of biblical verses, motivational quotes and references to sports, cars, school and Balenciaga shoes. He also has gone on record with his love for "hood doughnuts," or confections from "a place in the hood," saying "if my doughnuts don't come in a plain white box, I don't want them!" His father promptly put him in his place. Sanders Jr. seemed to take the public browbeating in stride, retweeting his father's comments. At least he knew better than to delete them.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Deion Sanders Jr. says he only eats "hood doughnuts," or confections from "a place in the hood"
Deion Sanders Jr. is a wide receiver at Southern Methodist University.
His father, Deion Sanders, is a legend in the NFL.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)One of Tokyo's most prominent districts has taken a small, but potentially significant step to recognizing same-sex unions in Japan. The government of Shibuya ward, one of the capital's most famous shopping and trendy entertainment districts, passed ordinance on Wednesday paving the way for "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples, allowing them some of the rights of married heterosexual couples. Same-sex partners who are registered with the district's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals and co-sign tenancy agreements. Other advantages that heterosexual married couples enjoy, such as joint filing of taxes, are controlled by the federal government and are outside the remit of individual municipalities. The measure was proposed in February by Shibuya's mayor, Toshitake Kuwahara. While the certificates will not be issued until later in the summer and are not legally binding, proponents of marriage equality in socially conservative Japan say that the ward's decision is a step in the right direction. "It is not a marriage license and advantages will be limited but still better than nothing," Gon Matsunaka, a gay rights activist, told CNN. While Shibuya's decision does not yet equate to heterosexual marriage, the hope is that the move will be the beginnings of promoting marriage equality for gay communities. "What is important for the LGBT (lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender) community in Shibuya is the ruling will make us visible in society,"  Matsunaka said . "It could be a strong driver for Shibuya citizens to learn and know what kind of problems LGBT people are facing." Taiga Ishikawa, Tokyo councillor and the first male gay local assembly member in Japan, told CNN the ordinance was a "big first step for the protection of human rights." He called the decision "happy" but said that it must go alongside education about alternative lifestyles. He said that the most important part of today's announcement is that it "should be actually put into practice, as should education for understanding (LGBT individuals) especially they suffer as they find out their sexuality when they are young." Neighboring Setagaya ward has indicated that it would look into following Shibuya's lead. However, former councilor Ishikawa cautioned against taking the movement's momentum for granted. "To realize equal rights for gay couples, a national law has to be made," he said. While outright discrimination against the LGBT community is rare in Japan, its effects can be hidden and gay people often find themselves at a disadvantage. Many hide their sexuality from their employers, co-workers, families and friends. But the tide may be turning. A recent poll found that a slight majority at 52.4% oppose gay marriage, but support amongst young adults in their 20s and 30s is as high as 70%. An editorial in the Asahi Shimbun newspaper, which commissioned the poll, welcomed the Shibuya decision, calling it "a bold and important step forward." Only traditional marriages are recognized under Japan's constitution, but the wording is vague enough to open it to interpretation, according to Mari Miura, a professor of gender and politics at Sophia University in Tokyo. "The constitution does not rule out same-sex marriage, so an interpretation can be made that it is constitutional," Miura told Bloomberg Business. While Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the ruling Liberal Democratic Party "don't like the idea of same-sex marriage, but at the same time the issue is gaining momentum." Conservative groups were vocal in their opposition, with one, known as the Network Pushing for Normalization of Education, telling the Japan Times that granting same-sex couples the same rights as all other Japanese citizens would degrade the "familial system and practice that heterosexual unions have long preserved in human history." While Shibuya's registration system will be a first for Japan, Yodogawa ward in the western Japanese city of Osaka was the first in the nation to recognize and support the LGBT community. In 2013 the ward government pledged to give consideration to the issues that the community faced, and to train staff to accommodate needs specific to LGBT individuals. Journalist Chie Kobayashi contributed reporting from Tokyo .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Shibuya ward in Tokyo passes ordinance allowing same-sex couples to hold visitation rights.
The measure was proposed in February by Shibuya's mayor.
The measure will not be legally binding until later in the summer.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Blue Bell ice cream has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants over the discovery of listeria contamination in a serving of ice cream originating from that plant. Public health officials warned consumers Friday not to eat any Blue Bell-branded products made at the company's Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, plant. That includes 3-ounce servings of Blue Bell ice cream from this plant that went to institutions in containers marked with the letters O, P, Q, R, S or T behind the coding date. The warning by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention does not affect other Blue Bell ice cream, including other 3-ounce servings, not made at the plant. But Blue Bell has recalled other products. The company is shutting down the Broken Arrow facility "out of an abundance of caution" to search for a possible cause of contamination. It is the third time Blue Bell has taken action in light of a listeria outbreak at a Kansas hospital that served the company's ice cream. Listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from the hospital. The cup contaminated with the bacteria was produced at the Broken Arrow plant in April 2014, Blue Bell said. And, according to the CDC, listeria bacteria was found in additional samples of the same product that were recovered from the plant. The bacteria in the hospital sample and the factory sample appeared to match each other genetically, the CDC said. But they did not appear identical to listeria samples taken from patients infected in the Kansas outbreak. In a separate outbreak in Texas, the CDC did find that listeria samples taken from patients who came down with listeriosis between 2010 and 2014 in a hospital that served 3-ounce Blue Bell cups matched the listeria in recovered samples. None of this means the ice cream is the source of either spate of the infections. "Investigation to determine whether these illnesses are related to exposure to Blue Bell products is ongoing," the CDC said. In early March, in light of the Kansas listeria outbreak, Blue Bell recalled a group of products made at a plant in Texas. It later added 3-ounce cup servings to the recall. Five people were infected and three died in the past year in Kansas from listeria that might be linked to Blue Bell Creameries products, according to the CDC. All five of them were hospitalized at the same hospital before developing listeriosis, the CDC said. At least four of them had consumed milkshakes made with Blue Bell ice cream before developing the infection. "We are devastated and know that Blue Bell has to be and can be better than this," Paul Kruse, Blue Bell CEO and president, said in a statement. "Quality and safety have always been our top priorities. We are deeply saddened and concerned for all those who have been affected." The CDC advises that individuals and institutions should check their freezers for the recalled products and throw them away. In a statement on its website, Blue Bell said "this recall in no way includes Blue Bell ice cream half gallons, pints, quarts, 3 gallons or other 3 oz. cups." This has been the first product recall in the 108-year history of Blue Bell Creameries, the company said. Listeriosis is a serious infection caused by eating food contaminated with listeria, and primarily affects the elderly, pregnant women, newborns and people with weakened immune systems, according to the CDC. Symptoms of a listeria infection are fever and muscle aches, sometimes associated with diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms. In the United States, an estimated 1,600 people become seriously ill each year, and approximately 16% of these illnesses result in death. Cervical infections caused by listeriosis in pregnant women may result in stillbirth or spontaneous abortion during the second or third trimesters. CNN's Debra Goldschmidt, Amanda Watts and Jacque Wilson contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Blue Bell ice cream has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants.
The plant is in Broken Arrow, Oklahoma.
The plant was shut down "out of an abundance of caution" to search for a possible cause of contamination.
The warning by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention does not affect other Blue Bell ice cream.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The classic video game "Space Invaders" was developed in Japan back in the late 1970's -- and now their real-life counterparts are the topic of an earnest political discussion in Japan's corridors of power. Luckily, Japanese can sleep soundly in their beds tonight as the government's top military official earnestly revealed that the country's Air Self Defense Force (ASDF) had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object. Responding to a query from flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki, Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told the Diet, Japan's parliament, that his jets had, to date, never come across any UFOs from outer space. "When the Air Self Defense Force detects indications of an unidentified flying object that could violate our country's airspace, it scrambles fighter jets if necessary and makes visual observation," Nakatani said. He continued: "They sometimes find birds or flying objects other than aircraft but I don't know of a case of finding an unidentified flying object believed to have come over from anywhere other than Earth." Inoki has appeared in the U.S.-based WWE -- which describes him as "among the most respected men in sports-entertainment" -- and is the founder of the New Japan Pro Wrestling organization. He entered Japan's Upper House for a second stint in politics in 2013. He also famously fought Muhammad Ali in 1976, in one of the first-ever mixed-discipline matches, which would later pave the way for today's wildly popular Mixed Martial Arts contests. Before his return to politics he was a regular fixture on Japanese TV variety shows and has promoted a slew of products, from hot sauce to banks. The maverick politician also traveled to Iraq in 1990 to try to secure the release of Japanese hostages, and has more recently attempted to replicate former NBA star Dennis Rodman's "basketball diplomacy" by staging a wrestling tournament in North Korea. He reportedly converted to Islam in the 1990s, although he says he practices both Islam and Buddhism. The lawmaker, who is universally known in Japan for his colossal chin and once-ever-present red scarf -- these days often replaced with a red necktie -- as much as for his political achievements, had asked a Upper House Budget Committee meeting if aircraft were ever scrambled to meet extraterrestrial threats, and if research was being done into alien visitors, prompting Nakatani's response. Inoki also claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes, but admitted that he didn't know personally if aliens existed. The exchange wasn't the first time Japanese politicians have discussed the implications of visitors from another planet. In 2007 then-Defense Minister Shigeru Ishiba pondered the legal ramifications, under Japan's pacifist constitution, of a defense against an invasion from outer space. READ MORE: Japan unveils Izumo, its largest warship since World War II .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Japanese lawmaker: ASDF has never come across any UFOs from outer space.
Former wrestler-turned-lawmaker Antonio Inoki has been a vocal proponent.
Inoki has also been a proponent of "basketball diplomacy" in North Korea.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Film director David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks" -- a cult 1990s television show that was set to return in 2016. The offbeat TV series, created by Lynch and Mark Frost, featured a quirky FBI agent who went to the Pacific Northwest town of Twin Peaks to investigate the mysterious murder of a high school girl named Laura Palmer. The groundbreaking series is considered one of the most influential shows in television history. Lynch broke the news about his departure in a series of tweets, saying that the show's third season will continue without him. He said he felt the network was not offering enough money to produce the show "the way it needed to be done." Lynch also wrote that he had personally called the actors over the weekend to let them know he would no longer be directing. Showtime Network, which will air the nine-episode comeback, released a statement saying they were "saddened" by Lynch's decision. "We were saddened to read David Lynch's statement today since we believed we were working towards solutions with David and his reps on the few remaining deal points," read the statement. "Showtime also loves the world of Twin Peaks and we continue to hold out hope that we can bring it back in all its glory with both of its extraordinary creators, David Lynch and Mark Frost, at its helm." Showtime announced they would produce a third season in October last year. Actor Kyle MacLachlan, who played the coffee-obsessed FBI agent Dale Cooper in the original series, had confirmed he would reprise the lead role for the new season.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: David Lynch has confirmed he will no longer direct the revival of "Twin Peaks"
The offbeat TV series, created by Lynch and Mark Frost, is set to return in 2016.
Lynch said he felt the network was not offering enough money to produce the show "the way it needed to be done"
Showtime Network, which will air the nine-episode comeback, released a statement saying they were "saddened" by Lynch's decision.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A University of Kentucky basketball player is apologizing for the "poor choice of words" he muttered under his breath after the team's stunning loss to Wisconsin on Saturday. As a deflated panel of Wildcats fielded a reporter's question about Wisconsin standout Frank Kaminsky, a hot mic picked up Kentucky guard Andrew Harrison saying of Kaminsky, "F**k that (N-word)." Harrison, who is is black, said his words were "in jest," and that he meant no disrespect to Kaminsky, who is white. "First I want to apologize for my poor choice of words used in jest towards a player I respect and know," Harrison tweeted. "When I realized how this could be perceived I immediately called big frank to apologize and let him know I didn't mean any disrespect." Kaminsky -- the 2015 Associated Press player of the year -- said Sunday that he was "over it." "He reached out to me. We talked about it. [I'm] Over it," he said. "Nothing needs to be made out of it." Harrison said he wished Kaminsky well in Monday's national title game against Duke. "We had a good conversation, and I wished him good luck in the championship game Monday." CNN reached out to Kentucky for comment on Sunday but did not hear back. Kentucky vs. Wisconsin nets biggest Final Four ratings in 22 years .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Andrew Harrison, a black player, apologizes for his "poor choice of words"
Harrison said he meant no disrespect to Wisconsin standout Frank Kaminsky.
Kaminski said he was "over it" after the loss to Kentucky.
Harrison said he wished Kaminsky well in Monday's national title game.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The presence of a harmful pesticide at a luxury villa in the U.S. Virgin Islands may have resulted in the illness of a Delaware family, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Friday. Paramedics were called last week to a rented villa at the Sirenusa resort in St. John after the family of four fell ill. They had rented the villa from March 14 to March 22, and were later hospitalized. The illness was reported to the EPA on March 20. "Our preliminary results do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying," said Elias Rodriguez, an EPA spokesman. Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects, including central nervous system and respiratory system damage, according to the EPA. The use of the pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity. It's not allowed to be used indoors. Only certified professionals are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings. "It's an ongoing investigation; we're still on the island doing our assessment," Rodriguez said. "We have been doing different types of air sampling and wipe sampling." Final test results were expected next week. The EPA is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on March 18 and whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated. "Pesticides can be very toxic, and it is critically important that they be applied properly and used only as approved by EPA," said Judith A. Enck, a regional administrator for the EPA. "The EPA is actively working to determine how this happened and will make sure steps are taken to prevent this from happening to others at these vacation apartments or elsewhere." Depending on the season, the luxury villa where the family stayed rents between $550 and $1,200 per night. Sea Glass Vacations, which acts as a rental agent for several units at Sirenusa, said that the unit directly below the one where the family stayed was recently treated for pests, but that their unit was not treated. The company said it licensed an outside company, Terminix, for the pest control services. "Sea Glass Vacations does not treat the units it manages for pests but instead relies on licensed professionals for pest control services," the company said in a statement. The U.S. Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter, according to a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing made Monday by ServiceMaster Global Holdings, the parent company of Terminix. In an email to CNN, a spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is "committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers, employees, the public and the environment" and is "looking into this matter internally, and cooperating with authorities." "We're thinking about the family, and we join the community in wishing them a speedy recovery," Terminix wrote. James Maron, an attorney who has been a spokesman for the family, has not responded to requests for comment. The SEC filing described the injuries to the family members as "serious."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: EPA: Family of four in Delaware was hospitalized after falling ill.
EPA: Methyl bromide, a harmful pesticide, was found in the villa.
The family rented the villa from March 14 to March 22.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Comedian Chris Rock made light of racial disparities in police treatment of whites and blacks with a tongue-in-cheek guide to not being beaten by the police. He encapsulated the frustration and grief caused by a New York grand jury's decision not to indict a white police officer in the death of a black man with a simple tweet: "This one was on film." Now, he's stirring things up again with a series of tweets documenting three traffic stops in seven weeks. "Stopped by the cops again wish me luck," he posted early Tuesday, along with a photo showing him behind the wheel of a car with what looks like blue police lights in the background. He posted similar photos in February. Many African-Americans have long bemoaned the phenomenon of being pulled over for no apparent reason, calling it "driving while black." Blacks are about 30% more likely to be pulled over by police than whites, according to figures reported by the Bureau of Justice Statistics in 2013. And in amid increased conversation over race and policing after the high-profile deaths last year of Eric Garner in New York and Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, the issue is even more sensitive. Rock hasn't commented on the tweets and didn't say how the police stop turned out. He got lots of support on Twitter. "My heart legit dropped, no kidding," one Twitter fan posted. Many praised him for documenting the stops. Some accused him of race-baiting. But one bit of advice in particular lit up social media. Actor Isaiah Washington urged Rock to "#Adapt" to avoid racial profiling. "I sold my $90,000.00 Mercedes G500 and bought 3 Prius's, because I got tired of being pulled over by Police," Washington tweeted. Some saw that as a sell-out, saying Rock shouldn't have to take steps others might not have to as a way to avoid being pulled over. "Let me guess..you also make sure your pants are pulled up as well?." Twitter user YeshaCallahan posted. Appearing on CNN, Washington defended the tweet, saying he wanted to "excite a conversation." Years ago, Rock filmed a sketch for his "Chris Rock" show on HBO in which he detailed ways to avoid being beaten by police as a black man. Besides obeying the law, he suggested bringing a white friend along for the ride. He did just that last year in a segment of "Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee" with Jerry Seinfeld. The two chat as Seinfeld drives an orange Lamborghini. And what happened? They get pulled over after Seinfeld goes a bit heavy on the gas. "Here's the crazy thing," Rock tells Seinfeld as the police officer stops the duo. "If you weren't here, I'd be scared."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Rock: "Stopped by the cops again wish me luck"
Black man was killed by a white police officer in New York.
Black drivers are pulled over more often than white drivers.
Actor Isaiah Washington: "I sold my $90,000.00 Mercedes G500"
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Hong Kong (CNN)Six people were hurt after an explosion at a controversial chemical plant in China's southeastern Fujian province sparked a huge fire, provincial authorities told state media. The plant, located in Zhangzhou city, produces paraxylene (PX), a reportedly carcinogenic chemical used in the production of polyester films and fabrics. The blast occurred at an oil storage facility Monday night after an oil leak, though local media has not reported any toxic chemical spill. Five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to the hospital for treatment, Xinhua news agency reported. More than 600 firefighters were sent to battle the blaze and the fire is now under control, the Zhangzhou fire department wrote on their official microblogging account Tuesday morning. Residents living close to the plant had heard the explosion and took to Weibo to post photos of the fire. One user wrote that he heard a loud blast and felt slight tremors. The plant was hit by another explosion in July 2013, although there were no reports of casualties or toxic leaks at the time. Though demonstrations are illegal in China, the construction of PX plants has sparked protests, which have occasionally turned violent, in several cities in recent years. The Zhangzhou plant was slated for Xiamen -- a densely populated city in the southeast of the country. However, it provoked an angry backlash in 2007 due to pollution concerns and prompted the local government to relocate the factory to its current, more remote location.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Explosion at chemical plant in southeastern Fujian province sparks huge fire.
Plant produces paraxylene, reportedly carcinogenic chemical.
Five out of six people were injured by broken glass and have been sent to hospital.
Plant was hit by another explosion in July 2013, but no reports of toxic leaks.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Boston native Mark Wahlberg will star in a film about the Boston Marathon bombing and the manhunt that followed, Deadline reported Wednesday. Wahlberg's film, to be titled "Patriots' Day," is being produced by CBS Films, which linked to the Deadline article from its website. According to Deadline, Wahlberg is hoping to play Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis, who retired after the attack in 2013. The film will be told from Davis' point of view. The film will feature material researched and shot by CBS Films' corporate sibling, the CBS News program "60 Minutes." Wahlberg is also a producer of the film. "Patriots' Day" is the second film related to the Boston bombing to be announced. Fox announced in November that it will be making a film called "Boston Strong" about the event.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mark Wahlberg to star in film about Boston Marathon bombing.
Film will be titled "Patriots' Day," according to Deadline.
Film will be told from Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis' point of view.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)What do we have for the contestant on "The Price Is Right"? A brand-new car! Whoops. That wasn't supposed to happen. On Thursday's edition of the popular game show, model Manuela Arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game for a new Hyundai Sonata. Host Drew Carey couldn't stop laughing. "Congratulations! Manuela just gave you a car!" he exulted. Arbelaez was mortified, attempting to hide behind the display. But everything turned out OK, she tweeted later. It's been a busy week for "The Price Is Right." On Wednesday, former host Bob Barker, 91, showed up to run his old show.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Manuela Arbelaez accidentally revealed the correct answer to a guessing game.
Host Drew Carey couldn't stop laughing.
Arbelaez was mortified, attempting to hide behind the display.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Authorities identified and charged a man Monday in connection with the discovery of human remains in a duffel bag in Cambridge, Massachusetts, over the weekend. Carlos Colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body, the Middlesex District Attorney's Office said in a statement. "This was a gruesome discovery," said District Attorney Marian Ryan. "Detectives are continuing to analyze evidence and awaiting information from the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner so that we may determine if additional charges are warranted." Police were notified Saturday morning about a suspicious item along a walkway in Cambridge. Officers arrived at the scene, opened a duffel bag and found human remains. After that discovery, police say, a surveillance video led them to an apartment building, where more body parts were discovered in a common area. That location is near the Cambridge Police Department headquarters. The remains at both locations belonged to the same victim, identified Monday as Jonathan Camilien, 26. Camilien and Colina knew each other, according to authorities. The next scheduled hearing in the case is set for April 14. CNN's Andreas Preuss contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Carlos Colina, 32, was arraigned on charges of assault and battery.
Police say he was involved in the discovery of human remains in a duffel bag.
The remains belonged to the same victim, identified as Jonathan Camilien, 26.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)For those wondering if we would ever hear from the Bluth family again, the answer would appear to be yes. "Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer said the show will return for a fifth season of 17 episodes. The Hollywood mogul was interviewed on Bill Simmons' podcast recently, and let it drop that fans can expect more of the quirky comedy. Netflix had no comment for CNN when asked to verify his statements. The fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013, after Fox canceled the show several years before. Despite critical acclaim, the series never had big ratings, but has a devoted fan base, who often quote from the show. It was not yet known if the full cast, including Jason Bateman, Michael Cera and Will Arnett, will return for the season.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Arrested Development" executive producer Brian Grazer says show will return.
The show's fourth season was streamed exclusively on Netflix in 2013.
The show has a devoted fan base, who often quote from the show.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Just kill it already. That was the sentiment of many "Vampire Diaries" fans on Tuesday after star Nina Dobrev announced she will be leaving the CW show at the end of this season. "I always knew I wanted Elena's story to be a six season adventure, and within those six years I got the journey of a lifetime," she posted on her social media accounts after a "goodbye party" at Lake Lanier outside Atlanta, where the show is filmed. "I was a human, a vampire, a doppelganger, a crazy immortal, a doppelganger pretending to be human, a human pretending to be a doppelganger. I got kidnapped, killed, resurrected, tortured, cursed, body-snatched, was dead and undead, and there's still so much more to come before the season finale in May." And while that may be true, fans were feeling a little jilted. Many chastised the show's producers, some even Dobrev herself, for allowing the show to go on to a seventh season this fall after she departs. Many were upset that Dobrev's departure could sink hopes of seeing a satisfying denouement to the relationship between Dobrev's character, Elena Gilbert, and love interest vampire Damon Salvatore. Fans called the couple "Delena." "I feel angry, sad, depressed, numb but most of all I feel like part of me died along with Nina leaving TVD. Nothing will be the same again," Twitter user iDamonAndElena posted. Producer Julie Plec issued a statement supporting Dobrev's decision. "Nina is excited to spread her wings, get some rest, travel the world and also take it by storm, and we support her a thousand-fold," she said in the statement, according to media accounts. "We will miss Nina and the four hundred characters she played, but we look forward to the insane and exciting challenge of continuing to tell stories of our Salvatore Brothers and our much-loved and gifted ensemble." No thanks, some fans said. Dobrev seemed to anticipate the pain, urging fans to hold on through the show's finale next month. "If you think you know what's coming, you don't," she said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nina Dobrev will be leaving "Vampire Diaries" at the end of this season.
Dobrev's departure could sink hopes of seeing a satisfying denouement.
Producer Julie Plec issued a statement supporting Dobrev's decision.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: New Delhi, India (CNN)Police have arrested four employees of a popular Indian ethnic-wear chain after a minister spotted a security camera overlooking the changing room of one of its stores. Federal education minister Smriti Irani was visiting a FabIndia outlet in the tourist resort state of Goa on Friday when she discovered a surveillance camera pointed at the changing room, police said. Four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager -- herself a woman -- was still at large Saturday, said Goa police superintendent Kartik Kashyap. State authorities launched their investigation right after Irani levied her accusation. They found an overhead camera that the minister had spotted and determined that it was indeed able to take photos of customers using the store's changing room, according to Kashyap. After the incident, authorities sealed off the store and summoned six top officials from FabIndia, he said. The arrested staff have been charged with voyeurism and breach of privacy, according to the police. If convicted, they could spend up to three years in jail, Kashyap said. Officials from FabIndia -- which sells ethnic garments, fabrics and other products -- are heading to Goa to work with investigators, according to the company. "FabIndia is deeply concerned and shocked at this allegation," the company said in a statement. "We are in the process of investigating this internally and will be cooperating fully with the police."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police arrest four employees of a popular Indian ethnic-wear chain.
Minister spotted a security camera overlooking the changing room of one of its stores.
Four employees of the store have been arrested, but its manager -- herself a woman -- was still at large.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Nine British citizens were arrested in Turkey on Wednesday, suspected of trying to cross illegally into Syria, the Turkish military said on its website. The group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11, with the youngest born in 2013, a Turkish official told CNN on condition of anonymity. The nine were arrested at the Turkey-Syria border, the Turkish military said. It didn't say why the group allegedly was trying to get into Syria, which has been torn by a roughly four-year war between Syrian government forces and Islamist extremist groups and other rebels. Among the war's combatants is ISIS, which has taken over parts of Syria and Iraq for what it claims is its Islamic caliphate, and which is known to have been recruiting Westerners. Accompanying the children were three men and two women; all nine had British passports, the Turkish official said. UK police charge man with terror offenses after Turkey trip . The British Foreign Office said Wednesday that it is aware of reports of the arrests and that it is seeking information about the incident from Turkish authorities. CNN's Gul Tuysuz reported from Istanbul, and Elaine Ly reported from London. CNN's Jason Hanna contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nine British citizens arrested in Turkey on Wednesday.
Group included four children -- the oldest being 10 or 11.
UK police charge man with terror offenses after Turkey trip.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A nuclear submarine being repaired at a Russian shipyard has caught on fire, according to a law enforcement source speaking to Russia's state-run news agency ITAR-Tass. "The submarine is in a dry dock," Tass reports, citing the source, and there is no ammunition on board. "The rubber insulation between the submarine's light and pressure hull is on fire," Tass reported. Russia's RIA Novosti news agency says insulation caught on fire as welding work was being done on the submarine. Tass reported that the fire began on a sub in the Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia. Zvyozdochka spokesman Yevgeny Gladyshev told the news agency that the sub had been undergoing repairs since November 2013. "Nuclear fuel from the sub's reactor has been unloaded," he reportedly said. "There are no armaments or chemically active, dangerous substances, fissionable materials on it," Gladyshev said to Tass. "The enterprise's personnel left the premises when the submarine caught fire, no one has been injured. The fire presents no threat to people and the shipyard."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Fire began on a sub in the Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia.
Sub had been undergoing repairs since November 2013.
Fire began on a sub in the Zvyozdochka shipyard in northwestern Russia.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Kayahan, one of Turkey's best-loved singers and songwriters, died of cancer Friday at the age of 66. He had performed most recently in Istanbul on Valentine's Day. The performer, who was also an accomplished guitarist, was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990, the year he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest, and the year before he released the album that ignited his career. The cancer returned in 2005 and then again in 2014, Turkey's semiofficial Anadolu Agency reported. He died Friday in a hospital in Istanbul, five days after his 66th birthday. "We are in grief over losing Kayahan, who contributed to Turkish music with countless compositions and marked a generation with his songs," Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tweeted. The singer, whose full name was Kayahan Acar, was born in Izmir province, in western Turkey on March 29, 1949. He grew up in Ankara, Turkey's capital, before moving to Istanbul. In 1990, he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest, finishing 17th. The following year he released an album titled "I Made a Vow," which catapulted him to prominence. Though he recorded nearly 20 albums, that one would remain his most popular. His final album was released in 2007. Other artists recorded his material throughout his career. Videos available online show a vibrant performer with a thick shock of dark hair as he accompanies himself on guitar and croons in a clear tenor. Kayahan was best known for his love songs. More recent videos show a  frailer performer, seated and without a guitar, but still clearly glorying in the joy of singing a song.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kayahan died Friday in a hospital in Istanbul, five days after his 66th birthday.
He died five days after his 66th birthday.
Kayahan was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990.
He died five days after his 66th birthday.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Beijing (CNN)China's state prosecutors on Friday formally charged the country's former security czar with accepting bribes, making him the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges. Zhou Yongkang, 72, was also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets, the Supreme People's Procuratorate, the highest prosecution authority in China, said. As a member of the ruling Communist Party's Politburo Standing Committee -- China's top decision-making body -- Zhou was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people. He retired in 2012. At the height of his power, Zhou controlled police forces, spy agencies, court systems as well as prosecution offices across China -- and wasn't shy in deploying his vast assets to crush dissent and unrest in the name of "preserving social stability." Now, prosecutors have accused Zhou of "taking advantage of his posts to seek benefits for others and illegally accepting huge amounts of money" during his long political career. His alleged actions have caused heavy losses to public assets and greatly harmed national interests, they added. Zhou was notified of his legal rights during the investigation and his lawyer's views were heard, according to a statement by the prosecutors. His case will be tried in Tianjin, a city near the Chinese capital, Beijing. The president of China's supreme court recently told reporters there would be "open" trials for accused former leaders like Zhou. However, the charge of leaking state secrets may allow authorities to shield certain legal proceedings from public view in Zhou's case. Zhou has not been seen in public since he attended an anniversary event at his alma mater in October 2013. He was expelled from the Communist Party and arrested last December. State media have painted an intricate web of officials, cronies and tycoons -- some with alleged mafia connections -- orbiting around Zhou before the crumbling of his power structure last summer. Zhou and his family members were said to have accumulated enormous wealth, in a blatant exchange between money and power. He was also found to have affairs with multiple women and allegedly traded power for sex, state-run Xinhua news agency reported last year. Analysts have viewed his shocking downfall as a watershed moment in the secretive world of Chinese politics, now ruled by President Xi Jinping. Xi has been spearheading a massive anti-corruption campaign,  targeting both "tigers" and "flies" --  high-ranking, and low-level, officials. Zhou is by far the biggest tiger caught in Xi's dragnet to date. "The important thing here is that Xi has proven he's powerful enough to break this taboo of never incriminating former Politburo Standing Committee members," longtime political analyst Willy Lam, a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, said last year, when the government revealed its formal investigation into Zhou. Many observers also note Zhou's patronage of Bo Xilai, a former Communist leader sentenced to life in prison for corruption in 2013. Bo's spectacular downfall the year before -- complete with tales of murder, bribery and betrayal -- attracted global attention. State media have cited his subsequent conviction as a prime example of Xi's resolve to clean up the party. The former Chongqing Communist Party chief's supporters, however, have long called him a political victim --  the former high-flying politician was once considered Xi's main challenger for the top spot of Chinese leadership. Political watchers see similarities between the Bo and Zhou cases. "The people being investigated for corruption are on the losing side of factional struggles," said Lam, who has predicted a suspended death sentence for Zhou.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: China's state prosecutors formally charge the country's former security czar.
Zhou Yongkang, 72, was also charged with abuse of power and leaking state secrets.
Zhou was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people.
Zhou has not been seen in public since he attended an anniversary event in October.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN)Three people were killed and five others were wounded Thursday afternoon when a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general's office in Balkh province, northern Afghanistan, according to a press release from the provincial governor's office. Although most staff members and civilians have been rescued, an exchange of fire between Afghan security forces and the assailants is ongoing, the statement says. Two police officers and a security guard of the provincial attorney general's office were among the dead. Afghan security forces are cautiously making advances in the fight in order to avoid civilian casualties, according to the press statement.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Afghan security forces are cautiously making advances in the fight.
Three people killed, five wounded in northern Afghanistan.
Security forces are cautiously making advances in the fight.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)When I was elected to the Kentucky State Senate in 1967, I became the first woman and the first person of color to serve in the body.  Five decades later, I find it almost unfathomable that a politician from my own state is attempting to launch his presidential campaign on a record that includes questioning landmark voting rights and civil rights legislation. But that is what Rand Paul, who today declared he's running for president of the United States, is doing. His campaign team told reporters last week that his campaign announcement message would be about "expanding the Republican Party" -- a message of inclusion. But those of us listening today who he is hoping to include, heard nothing more than hype. I'm not buying it. Since coming to the U.S. Senate, Paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican.  He's tried to brand himself as the GOP's minority outreach candidate.  The problem for Paul, and the GOP at large, is that they don't back up their words with their policies. Yes, it's about time that Republicans started seriously considering the fact that black voters are an important piece of the electoral puzzle.  But they can't actually appeal to the community unless they have a real commitment to the issues facing minority communities.  A quick survey of Sen. Paul's positions makes clear that he does not. Paul kicked off his announcement speech in Louisville by declaring "I have a message that is loud and clear:  We have come to take our country back."  I have no doubt that under Paul's leadership, he would indeed take our country back -- in the wrong direction -- way back to a time when we were debating the Civil Rights Act --  which Paul has done since landing on the national stage; when there was no Department of Education -- a department he thinks "should be done away with;" when women didn't have choices -- choices Paul seeks to limit in Washington; when DREAMers weren't protected from deportation -- protections Paul currently opposes. In his inept speaking engagements at historically black colleges and universities, he has come across as condescending and lacking basic cultural competency. But Paul has also questioned the Civil Rights Act, and even claimed that private business owners have a right to discriminate. When asked about the need for a more robust Voting Rights Act following the Supreme Court's dismantling of the law, Paul dismissively remarked, "We have an African-American President." When President Obama stood with John Lewis and other veterans of the civil rights movement in front of the Edmund Pettus Bridge last month to mark the 50th anniversary of Bloody Sunday, he inspired us all by saying: "With effort, we can roll back poverty and the roadblocks to opportunity. ... With effort, we can protect the foundation stone of our democracy for which so many marched across this bridge -- and that is the right to vote." America is better -- and we solve more problems -- with more democracy, not less.  Unfortunately Rand Paul has demonstrated that he disagree with that basic principle.  Paul tried once again from that stage in Louisville to fashion himself as the one member of his party courageous enough to try to broaden Republican appeal to constituencies they ignore year after year. But his record makes it very clear that his views are outdated, outside of the mainstream, and disqualifying for a man who wants to lead our country. The American people deserve a leader who won't disrespect their intelligence, who won't pander to them when it's convenient, and who won't work to dismantle the progress we have made over the last five decades. What I heard today, didn't change the facts about Rand Paul's record.  The American people deserve better than Rand Paul.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Rand Paul is a Republican senator from Kentucky.
He has tried to appeal to minority communities.
Paul has questioned landmark voting rights and civil rights legislation.
Paul kicked off his announcement speech in Louisville by declaring "We have come to take our country back"
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A French-language global television network regained control of one of its 11 channels Thursday after a cyberattack a day earlier crippled its broadcasts and social media accounts. Television network TV5Monde was gradually regaining control of its channels and social media outlets after suffering what the network's director called an "extremely powerful cyberattack." In addition to its 11 channels, TV5Monde lost control of its social media outlets and its websites, director Yves Bigot said in a video message posted later on Facebook. On a mobile site, which was still active, the network said it was "hacked by an Islamist group." ISIS logos and markings appeared on  TV5Monde social media accounts. But there was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group. As day broke Thursday in Europe, the network had regained the use of one of its 11 channels and its Facebook page, Paul Germain, the chain's editor in chief, told BFMTV, a CNN affiliate in France. However, by late morning, a number of pages on the network's website had messages saying they were under maintenance. The outage began around 8:45 p.m. Paris time (2:45 p.m. ET) on Wednesday. TV5Monde offers round-the-clock entertainment and news programming that reaches 260 million homes worldwide, according to the Ministry of Culture and Communications. It functions under a partnership among the governments of France, Canada and Switzerland, as well as the Wallonia-Brussels Federation. Other networks that provide content to TV5Monde include CNN affiliates France 2 and France 3, France 24 and Radio France International.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: French-language global television network TV5Monde regains control of one of its 11 channels.
Network lost control of its social media outlets and its websites after cyberattack.
Outage began around 8:45 p.m. Paris time (2:45 p.m. ET) on Wednesday.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates (CNN)Lost luggage after a long flight is a common, frustrating occurrence of modern air travel. And sometimes, airlines lose things that are irreplaceable. American Jennifer Stewart says she was devastated to learn that Etihad Airways lost her most important baggage following a recent trip from Abu Dhabi to New York City: her 2-year-old pet cat, Felix. Stewart said that she and her husband, Joseph Naaman, booked Felix on their Etihad Airways flight from the United Arab Emirates to New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport on April 1. Shortly after the plane arrived in New York that evening, Felix went missing somewhere on the grounds of Kennedy Airport, according to Etihad Airways. Felix was able to get loose, Stewart said she believes, because the cat's plastic carrier was badly damaged at some point either during the flight or the transfer from the airplane to the pickup area. Stewart said a cargo manager called the couple to an office after they landed at Kennedy last week and notified them that their cat's carrier had been crushed. Photographs taken by Stewart showed a large hole in the top of the cat's carrier. At least one of the corners of the case appeared partially collapsed. Nearly one week later, Felix remains missing. "For them to take a cat and ship him like he was cargo, not a live animal, makes me sick," Stewart said.  "You trust that people care and are doing the job well, and then this happens." A representative for Etihad Airways told CNN that that the loss of pets during air travel is "extremely rare."  The airline shipped more than 200 pets last year. Etihad Airways is investigating the incident and is working with ground handlers at the New York airport to help locate the missing cat. The Abu Dhabi-based carrier also said it hired "third-party specialists" to help in the hunt for Felix. "We deeply regret this unfortunate incident and are keeping the owner apprised of the progress of the search," Etihad Airways told CNN in a statement. "We will review our pet handling procedures in the wake of this incident, as the safety and care of pets traveling with Etihad Airways is a top priority." Stewart and her husband booked the cat's flight as part of their job relocation to the United States after living in Abu Dhabi for more than three years. The couple said they spent $1,200 to ship Felix on the 14-hour flight. "You pay all of this money, but for what? People assume you pay extra to have your pets taken care of, but they're treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage," Stewart said. It isn't the first time a pet has gone missing at New York's busiest airport. In August 2011, a cat escaped from its carrier before an American Airlines flight from New York to San Francisco. That cat was eventually discovered -- alive -- two months later in a customs room at the airport. But the cat later had to be euthanized because of injuries and malnutrition it suffered while lost. This weekend, Stewart enlisted the help of a local nonprofit, which provided a highly trained detection dog, to help track down Felix's scent. A wildlife biologist who works with the airport has also placed traps to facilitate Felix's safe return, according to the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. Officials at Kennedy have offered to assist Etihad Airways as the airline investigates what happened, the Port Authority said. Stewart said the couple will continue to search the airport until they have answers. "We just want to find Felix. But I just don't know if we will," she said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jennifer Stewart says Etihad Airways lost her 2-year-old pet cat, Felix.
Felix was able to get loose because the cat's plastic carrier was badly damaged.
Pet was able to get loose, Stewart says, because the cat's carrier was badly damaged.
Pet was able to get loose, Stewart says, because the cat's carrier was badly damaged.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A mammoth fire broke out Friday morning in a Kentucky industrial park, sending plumes of thick smoke over the area as authorities worked to contain the damage. The blaze began shortly before 7 a.m. at the General Electric Appliance Park in Louisville, according to Mike Weimer from the city's emergency management agency. He said that there were no reports of anyone injured or trapped. Video showed both smoke and bright orange flames. Firefighters took up positions around the affected buildings, spraying water from the periphery. Weimer told CNN that authorities didn't know what had caused the fire, which had gone to at least four alarms. According to a GE website, its facility in the Louisville Appliance Park is "revitalizing manufacturing in the United States." The park is large, such that 34 football fields could fit in one of its warehouses in the facility.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Fire breaks out in Kentucky industrial park.
No injuries reported.
GE facility in the Louisville Appliance Park is "revitalizing manufacturing in the United States"
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)One hundred and forty-seven victims. Many more families affected. Even more broken hopes and dreams. As Kenyans mourned those killed last week in one of the deadliest terrorist attacks in the nation, citizens used social media to share the victims' stories, hopes and dreams. Using the hashtag #147notjustanumber -- a reference to the number of people, mostly students, killed at Garissa University College on Thursday -- Kenyans tweeted pictures of the victims in happier times. Kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims. The posts provided heart-wrenching details on the victims, including one about an elderly man whose dreams died with his son. He had reportedly taken a loan to educate him at the university, where he was killed by Al-Shabaab terrorists. The attack in Kenya killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel, and was the nation's deadliest since the bombing of the U.S. Embassy in 1998. Kenyan churches mourned the dead during Easter services Sunday as armed guards protected the congregations. In emotional services nationwide, churchgoers wept as they paid tribute to the victims of the massacre. The gunmen who attacked the university in the predawn hours separated Muslims from Christians and killed the latter. The extremist group has also killed Muslims in recent attacks. The Interior Ministry has identified one of the attackers killed by security forces as the son of a government official. The father of suspect Abdirahim Abdullahi is a chief in Mandera and had reported his son missing, officials said. The Islamist extremist group is based in Somalia, but it hasn't confined its terrorism to the nation that shares a border with Kenya. In 2013, militants attacked Nairobi's upscale Westgate Mall, killing nearly 70 people.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kenyans mourn 147 dead in one of the deadliest terrorist attacks in the nation.
Kenyan authorities have not released a list of the victims.
The attack in Kenya killed 142 students, three security officers and two university security personnel.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The California Public Utilities Commission on Thursday said it is ordering Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system, including the pipeline rupture that killed eight people in San Bruno in September 2010. Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety. Of the $1.6 billion, $850 million will go to "gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements," the commission said. Another $50 million will go toward "other remedies to enhance pipeline safety," according to the commission. "PG&E failed to uphold the public's trust," commission President Michael Picker said. "The CPUC failed to keep vigilant. Lives were lost. Numerous people were injured. Homes were destroyed. We must do everything we can to ensure that nothing like this happens again." The company's chief executive officer said in a written statement that PG&E is working to become the safest energy company in the United States. "Since the 2010 explosion of our natural gas transmission pipeline in San Bruno, we have worked hard to do the right thing for the victims, their families and the community of San Bruno," Tony Earley said. "We are deeply sorry for this tragic event, and we have dedicated ourselves to re-earning the trust of our customers and the communities we serve. The lessons of this tragic event will not be forgotten." On September 9, 2010, a section of PG&E pipeline exploded in San Bruno, killing eight people and injuring more than 50 others. The blast destroyed 37 homes. PG&E said it has paid more than $500 million in claims to the victims and victims' families in San Bruno, which is just south of San Francisco. The company also said it has already replaced more than 800 miles of pipe, installed new gas leak technology and implemented nine of 12 recommendations from the National Transportation Safety Board. According to its website, PG&E has 5.4 million electric customers and 4.3 million natural gas customers. The Los Angeles Times reported the previous record penalty was a $146 million penalty against Southern California Edison Company in 2008 for falsifying customer and worker safety data. CNN's Jason Hanna contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: California Public Utilities Commission orders Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to pay $1.6B penalty.
Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety.
PG&E has paid more than $500 million in claims to the victims and victims' families in San Bruno.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Boston (CNN)Guilty across the board. But will he face death? After deliberating for 11½ hours, jurors found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on Wednesday of all 30 counts he faced in the Boston Marathon bombing trial. Seventeen of the 30 counts were capital charges, meaning he is eligible for the death penalty. The trial will next move into a penalty phase, where the jury will hear testimony and arguments from both sides and ultimately be tasked with deciding whether Tsarnaev, 21, will be executed. A look at all of the charges . Jurors will be asked to weigh aggravating factors such as the heinousness of his crimes against mitigating factors such as his family and mental health history, as well as his relative youth. Tsarnaev was 19 at the time of the bombing. The start date of the penalty phase has not yet been set. Since testimony began March 4, federal prosecutors have called 92 witnesses, and the defense just four. It seemed a mismatch from the start. "He was there," Tsarnaev's defense attorney Judy Clarke conceded as the trial opened, but many say the defense strategy always had been to focus on persuading the jury to spare Tsarnaev's life. Tsarnaev lawyer keeps hated criminals off death row . Clarke tried to convince jurors that her client's older brother, 26-year-old Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who died in a shootout with police days after the terror attack, was the instigator of the marathon plot. The younger man, Clarke said, was only following his older brother. After the verdict, CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said Clarke now faces an uphill battle. "Because No. 1, he (Tsarnaev) is almost functioning as an officer of a military organization attacking the United States -- the claim of course that he's an Islamic radical and that this is almost an army-like attack on civilians. "And the second thing -- it was so well planned and so callously planned so that civilians would die, so that children would be maimed. And all of this, she has to get around and convince the jury he's not worthy of the death penalty. "Boy, she's climbing the Mount Everest of death penalty cases in this case," Callan said about Clarke. Survivors react to the verdict . Ann O'Neill reported from Boston. Dana Ford reported from Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jurors find Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty on all 30 counts he faced.
Tsarnaev is eligible for the death penalty.
The trial will next move into a penalty phase.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Four workers died in a massive oil rig fire that raged for hours off the coast of Mexico Wednesday. Mexican state oil company Pemex said 45 workers were injured in the blaze, which began early Wednesday morning. Two of them are in serious condition, the company said. Authorities evacuated about 300 people from the Abkatun Permanente platform after the fire started, Pemex said. At least 10 boats worked to battle the blaze for hours. The fire had been extinguished by Wednesday night, Pemex said in a Twitter post. The company denied rumors that the platform had collapsed and said there was no oil spill as a result of the fire. The state oil company hasn't said what caused the fire on the platform, which is located in the Gulf of Mexico's Campeche Sound. The fire began in the platform's dehydration and pumping area, Pemex said. CNN's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Fire extinguished by Wednesday night, Pemex says.
NEW: At least 10 boats worked to battle blaze for hours.
NEW: Fire began in the platform's dehydration and pumping area, Pemex says.
NEW: Authorities evacuated about 300 people from the Abkatun Permanente platform.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Police in India are putting aside their batons in favor of an overhead solution to angry and unruly crowds: pepper-spraying drones. Yashasvi Yadav, Senior Superintendent of police in Lucknow, northern India, told CNN the city's force has bought four drones and is in the process of purchasing one more. "The drones have been tested in controlled conditions," he said. "They have been very successful and will be used by the Lucknow police whenever there are violent protests or mob attacks." The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray; each drone costs between $9,560 and $19,300, Yadav added. Views on the new measure are mixed, with some concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech -- an already contentious issue in India. Last month, the country failed to enforce a law that would allow authorities to arrest people who post offensive material on social media. Others believe the country could learn from events further afield. Some say this method of crowd control needs regulation too. Questions have also been raised as to why the police are resorting to aggression. "While I think it is bound to fail if not be another scam in the making, it also shows the mindset of the administration to not use dialogue and mediation to solve problems but use authoritarian and forceful methods," photojournalist Chirag Wakaskar in Mumbai told CNN. "What they could do is start by having video surveillance in sensitive areas and have swifter justice." Protests are a common occurrence in India, a country with a population of 1.2 billion; Lucknow, the capital of the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, also used drone cameras to monitor crowds at a recent religious festival. As well as being used as a security measure in other cities including Delhi and Mumbai, the unmanned, airborne vehicles have been used in tiger hunts, disaster relief and criminal investigations -- and even pizza deliveries. Reports suggest that the drone surveillance will be officially launched by the Chief Minister of Lucknow, Akhilesh Yadav, later this month. Kunal Sehgal contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police in India are buying four drones and are in the process of purchasing one more.
The miniature aircraft will be fitted with a camera and pepper spray.
Views on the new measure are mixed, with some concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Just as the agency begins to recover from a series of high-profile missteps, the Secret Service is facing yet another scandal. A female employee accused Xavier Morales, a supervisor within the agency, of assault after he made sexual advances at  her, according to The Washington Post. "The woman told police and agency investigators that Morales, her boss, told her during the party at Capitol City Brewing Company that he was in love with her and would like to have sex with her," and later tried to kiss her in the office, according to a report from The Washington Post. During the incident, he "grabbed her arms when she resisted" and the two tussled until Morales gave up, sources told the paper. The Post reports that the March 31 party was in celebration of Morales' new assignment as head of the Louisville field office. A Secret Service spokesperson confirms that  Morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance was suspended. This incident was first reported on April 2, and Secret Service Director Joe Clancy was briefed that afternoon. Clancy called the allegations "very disturbing." "Any threats or violence that endangers our employees in  the workplace is unacceptable and will not be tolerated," he said in a statement. This is just the latest chapter for an organization embroiled in scandal over the past several months. Last month, two top-ranking officials were suspended following an incident at a White House command post during an investigation of a possible bomb. Clancy was not made aware of the episode until five days later. The agency has also faced scrutiny for another lapse in late January when a drone crash-landed on the White House lawn. Secret Service Director Julia Pierson resigned in September after a fence-jumper gained access to the East Room of the White House. Earlier in September, an armed security contractor was allowed to get into an elevator with President Barack Obama during a trip to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta. An independent report released in December found that the Secret Service is stretched "beyond its limits," needing more training, more staff, and a director from outside its ranks. Clancy, who formally assumed the post in February, is a 27-year veteran of the agency. "It's going to take time to change some of this culture," Clancy said at a House Appropriations Committee hearing last month. "There's no excuse for this information not to come up the chain. That's going to take time because I'm going to have to build trust with our workforce." The incident will be further investigated by the Office of the Inspector General.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Female employee accused Xavier Morales of assault after he made sexual advances.
Morales, her boss, told her during the party at Capitol City Brewing Company.
Morales was placed on administrative leave and his security clearance suspended.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Marseille, France (CNN)Investigators have collected all the main evidence from the site where Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed, a French national police official told CNN on Saturday. Investigators are not expected to return to the crash site, said Capt. Yves Naffrechoux of the High Mountain Gendarmerie. The plane crashed March 24 in rugged terrain of the Alps about 6 miles (10 kilometers) from the town of Seyne-les-Alpes. "All the police investigators have left the (Germanwings) crash site," he said. "There is only a private security company ensuring security around the crash site so that no one can go there." The security firm will guard the site until the remaining debris is collected and taken to secure locations for further analysis, if necessary, he said. The flight data recorder, or "black box," was found Thursday by a member of the recovery team. The cockpit voice recorder was found days after the crash. In addition, out of more than 2,000 DNA samples collected from the crash site, lab workers have isolated 150 DNA profiles, said Brice Robin, Marseilles prosecutor. The crash killed all 150 people on board. Brice Robin, Marseilles prosecutor, said authorities have found 470 personnel effects at the site. That number includes 40 cell phones, though all those were badly damaged. Robin cast doubt that any useful information could be retrieved from those phones, given their condition. Authorities say the flight's co-pilot, Andreas Lubitz, locked the captain out of the cockpit and engineered the plane's demise. Initial tests on the flight data recorder show that Lubitz purposely used the controls to speed up the plane's descent, according to the French air accident investigation agency, the BEA. It also has emerged that Lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of Flight 9525 and that he had concealed from his employer recent medical leave notes saying he was unfit for work. Calls for crash avoidance technology . CNN's Margot Haddad reported from Marseille, and Greg Botelho wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Investigators collect all the main evidence from the site where Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed.
The plane crashed March 24 in rugged terrain of the Alps about 6 miles (10 kilometers) from the town of Seyne-les-Alpes.
The crash killed all 150 people on board.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Pardon us, "Lost" fans, but April 8 wasn't only your day. Yes, we know the significance of April 8, 2015, and the alignment of 4:23.42 p.m. on that date to everyone obsessed with the hit ABC show, and we heard about the general geek-outs that were occurring. But don't forget, April 8 was also "Rex Manning Day." Twitter didn't, paying homage to the 1995 film "Empire Records" and the character of Rex Manning, played by the very dreamy Maxwell Caulfield. The movie -- also starring Liv Tyler, Anthony LaPaglia and Renée Zellweger -- centers on an independent record store in Delaware where, on April 8, former pop idol Manning is scheduled to make an in-store appearance. Fret not if you missed it, as we have some other dates made famous by films that you aren't going to want to let pass you by: . April 14 . Their love affair was doomed like two ships passing in the night, but it was so good while it lasted for Jack and Rose in the 1997 blockbuster movie "Titanic." The sketch Jack does of his beloved is dated April 14, 1912. The Titanic sank on April 15, 1912. April 25 . Thanks to the 2000 film "Miss Congeniality," we now know that April 25 is the perfect date. Just don't forget to dress accordingly. October 3 . "Mean Girls Day" is officially October 3, given that's when Aaron Samuels (OMG, he is so hot!) asks Cady what day it is. Of course, she replies "It's October 3." Honestly, any day is a good day to quote the 2004 film. It's so fetch. October 21, 2015 . Buckle up for this one. In the 1989 film "Back to the Future Part II," Marty McFly and the gang travel to October 21, 2015. We hope to be celebrating that in our flying car that we are STILL waiting on, please and thank you.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: April 8 was "Rex Manning Day," named after the character from the 1995 film.
The movie centers on an independent record store in Delaware.
The movie "Titanic" was released on April 14, 1912.
The movie "Miss Congeniality" was released on April 25.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)They're not gonna take it anymore. Really. Twisted Sister says that its 2016 tour will be its last, according to a press release. Next year marks the band's 40th anniversary, and to celebrate, the tour is being titled "Forty and F*ck It." "It's official: Farewell," Twisted Sister singer Dee Snider posted on Facebook. Snider also noted that the band will play with a new drummer, Mike Portnoy of Adrenaline Mob. Portnoy replaces A.J. Pero, who died March 20. The band will also perform two shows in Pero's honor: one at Las Vegas' Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, the other at the Starland Ballroom in Sayreville, New Jersey. The latter is in support of Pero's family. Twisted Sister's biggest hit, "We're Not Gonna Take It," hit the Top Forty in 1984 and was featured in a popular video.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Twisted Sister says its 2016 tour will be its last.
Band will play with a new drummer, Mike Portnoy.
Band will perform two shows in A.J. Pero's honor.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)"Grace of Monaco," starring Nicole Kidman as star-turned-princess Grace Kelly, is heading straight to Lifetime. The critically-panned film, which opened last year's Cannes Film Festival, will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day, May 25. After the movie performed poorly in its international engagements, The Weinstein Co., which first purchased U.S. distribution rights at the 2013 Berlin Film Festival, decided to sell it directly to Lifetime rather than book it into U.S. theaters, a source confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter. THR: Grace of Monaco' Cannes review . The film, which was directed by Olivier Dahan and focuses on a period in the early '60s when Monaco was involved in a stand-off over taxes with France and Grace was contemplating a return to Hollywood, was originally scheduled for release in late 2013. Given the names involved, some handicappers had put it on their list of potential Oscar contenders. But when TWC pulled it out of awards contention and shifted its release to March 14, 2014, Dahan lashed out at TWC's Harvey Weinstein, over the movie's final cut, which the director was in the process of completing. "There are two versions of the film for now, mine and his," Dahan complained, continuing, "They want a commercial film smelling of daisies, taking out anything that exceeds that which is too abrupt, anything that makes it cinematic and breathe with life." That planned March release was then scrubbed, when Cannes expressed interest in debuting the director's version of the movie in May. Even before it screened, though, Grace's children blasted the picture as "needlessly glamorized and historically inaccurate" and boycotting the Cannes red carpet. THR: The Weinstein Co. nearing deal to keep 'Grace of Monaco' Weinstein didn't attend the movie's premiere either -- explaining that he had been visiting Syrian refugee camps in Jordan as part of a long-scheduled U.N.-sponsored trip. But TWC did strike a new distribution deal for the film in Cannes, agreeing to show Dahan's cut in the U.S., but acquiring rights for just $3 million upfront, a $2 million discount from its earlier contract. But TWC then did not slot "Grace of Monaco" into its fall, 2015 release schedule. Tim Roth costars as Kelly's husband Prince Rainier III, Frank Langella as Kelly's priest and confidante, Parker Posey as Grace's aid, and Paz Vega ("Spanglish," "Sex and Lucia") as opera singer Maria Callas. See the original story at The Hollywood Reporter. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Grace of Monaco" will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day, May 25.
The critically-panned film, which opened last year's Cannes Film Festival, will premiere on Lifetime on Memorial Day, May 25.
The film, which was directed by Olivier Dahan, focuses on a period in the early '60s.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Kanye West has settled a lawsuit with a paparazzi photographer he assaulted -- and the two have shaken on it. The photographer, Daniel Ramos, had filed the civil suit against West  after the hip-hop star attacked him and tried to wrestle his camera from him in July 2013 at Los Angeles International Airport. West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle. A judge sentenced him to two years' probation, as well as anger management sessions and community service. Ramos and his lawyer, Gloria Allred, sought general and punitive damages in the civil suit, saying that West had interfered with the photographer's rights to pursue a lawful occupation. The case had been set for trial next week, but Allred issued a statement Tuesday night saying Ramos' side had filed a dismissal "because the case was settled to the satisfaction of the parties." She didn't disclose the details of the settlement other than saying that "one important aspect of it was an apology by Kanye West to our client, Daniel Ramos." Her statement included a picture of West and Ramos shaking hands, which she said happened after the apology. The original incident was caught on video, including the following exchange. "Kanye! Kanye! Talk to me, Kanye!" Ramos shouts outside a terminal at the Los Angeles airport on the night of July 19, 2013. "What's' going on? Why can't we talk to you?  I mean, why?" he asks as West moves through a group of paparazzi. "Now come on, Kanye, I don't want to fight with you," he says as West advances toward him. "I told you, don't talk to me, right," West says. "You're trying to get me in trouble so I step off and have to pay you like $250,000." West is then seen rushing the photographer and attempting to wrestle his camera from his hands. West retreats after about 15 seconds of scuffling with the photographer. "We believe that this case sent an important message," Allred said. "Celebrities are not above the law, and they have no right to physically attack someone simply because they were asked a question." Beverly Hills Police investigated an incident in January 2014 in which West was accused of assaulting a man at a Beverly Hills chiropractor's office. West avoided criminal charges by reaching a civil settlement with the man. Kanye West apologizes to Beck, Bruno Mars . CNN's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: West pleaded no contest last year to a misdemeanor count of battery over the scuffle.
Ramos and his lawyer sought general and punitive damages in the civil suit.
The case had been set for trial next week, but Ramos' lawyer issued a dismissal.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Their relationship led to jail time for her, but Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau wants the world to know that she and her husband, Vili Fualaau, are still happily together. She was a married 34-year-old teacher and mother of four in Seattle in 1996 when she began an affair with Fualaau, her 13-year-old student. Letourneau gave birth to her young lover's child and went on to serve more than seven years in prison on charges related to their sexual relationship. On Friday, ABC's "20/20" will air an exclusive interview with the couple, who will celebrate their 10th wedding anniversary on May 20. The pair wed soon after she was released from prison in 2005 and are now the parents of two teen girls. According to ABC, during the interview with Barbara Walters, "Mary Kay tells Walters what makes their marriage work in spite of their huge difference in their age." "She also discusses her surprising plans to teach again, as well as her intentions to have her status as a registered sex offender lifted," a posting on the network's site says. "Vili Fualaau, meanwhile, discusses his bouts with alcoholism, depression and why he believes the system failed him while he was still a minor." Letourneau Fualaau is now 53, and her husband is 31.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mary Kay Letourneau Fualaau and her 13-year-old student are now parents of two teen girls.
They are also the parents of two teen girls.
The pair wed soon after she was released from prison in 2005.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)That's some rich "American Pie." The lyrics to the famed Don McLean song sold for $1.2 million Tuesday morning at an auction held by Christie's. "Don McLean's manuscript of 'American Pie' achieved the 3rd highest auction price for an American literary manuscript, a fitting tribute to one the foremost singer-songwriters of his generation," Christie's Tom Lecky said in a statement. McLean told Rolling Stone that it was time to part with the manuscript. "I'm going to be 70 this year," the singer and songwriter said in February. "I have two children and a wife, and none of them seem to have the mercantile instinct. I want to get the best deal that I can for them. It's time." Over the years, "American Pie" has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon. McLean has said that the opening lines were inspired by the death of Buddy Holly, but after that, it's all been conjecture -- which hasn't stopped a marching band's worth of analysts from trying to parse the symbols in the 8-minute, 33-second opus. Is the jester Bob Dylan? The football game Vietnam? The "girl who sang the blues" Janis Joplin? (One thing's certain: Buddy Holly's plane was NOT named "American Pie.") "Over the years I've dealt with all these stupid questions of 'Who's that?' and 'Who's that?' " McLean said. "These are things I never had in my head for a second when I wrote the song. I was trying to capture something very ephemeral and I did, but it took a long time." The song catapulted the former folk singer to headliner status. The song hit No. 1 in early 1972, despite its length. (The 45-rpm single split the song in half on its A and B sides.) The draft that was auctioned is 16 pages: 237 lines of manuscript and 26 lines of typed text, according to Christie's. It includes lines that didn't make the final version as well as extensive notes -- all of which should be revealing, McLean said. The record for a popular music manuscript is held by Bob Dylan's "Like a Rolling Stone," which sold for $2 million in June. Opinion: What's so great about 'American Pie'?<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "American Pie" sold for $1.2 million at auction.
Song has been dissected and argued about for decades.
McLean said he wanted to get the best deal for his children.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Buzz has surrounded HBO's new documentary "Going Clear: Scientology and the Prison of Belief," but Scientologist John Travolta is not a fan. Travolta told the Tampa Bay Times that he has not seen the documentary, "and I don't really care to." "I've been so happy with my (Scientology) experience in the last 40 years that I really don't have anything to say that would shed light on (a documentary) so decidedly negative," Travolta said. The actor, one of the Church of Scientology's most high-profile members along with stars like Tom Cruise and Kirstie Alley, is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in Clearwater, Florida. The HBO documentary is based on the book "Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief" by Lawrence Wright and is critical of the organization, which has close ties to the showbiz industry. Travolta said he believed the doc was a result of "people who were disgruntled with their experiences" with the Church of Scientology, which he touted as a positive experience for him. "I haven't experienced anything that the hearsay has (claimed), so why would I communicate something that wasn't true for me?" Travolta asked. "It wouldn't make sense, nor would it for Tom (Cruise), I imagine." He called Scientology "brilliant" and credited the church with helping him to survive the death of his teen son, Jett, after a seizure while the family was on vacation in the Bahamas in 2009. "Oh, my God, I wouldn't have made it," said Travolta, whose wife, Kelly Preston, is also a member. "Honestly."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: John Travolta says he has not seen the documentary, "and I don't really care to"
Travolta is premiering his new film, "The Forger," in Clearwater, Florida.
The documentary is based on the book "Going Clear: Scientology, Hollywood, and the Prison of Belief"
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Anthony Ray Hinton is thankful to be free after nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row for murders he says he didn't commit. And incredulous that it took so long. Hinton, 58, looked up, took in the sunshine and thanked God and his lawyers Friday morning outside the county jail in Birmingham, minutes after taking his first steps as a free man since 1985. He spoke of unjustly losing three decades of his life, under fear of execution, for something he didn't do. "All they had to do was to test the gun, but when you think you're high and mighty and you're above the law, you don't have to answer to nobody," Hinton told reporters. "But I've got news for you -- everybody that played a part in sending me to death row, you will answer to God." Jefferson County Circuit Court Judge Laura Petro had ordered Hinton released after granting the state's motion to dismiss charges against him. Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area, fast-food restaurant managers, John Davidson and Thomas Wayne Vason. But a new trial was ordered in 2014 after firearms experts testified 12 years earlier that the revolver Hinton was said to have used in the crimes could not be matched to evidence in either case, and the two killings couldn't be linked to each other. "Death Row Stories": Hard questions about the U.S. capital punishment system . The state then declined to re-prosecute the case. Hinton was 29 at the time of the killings and had always maintained his innocence, said the Equal Justice Initiative, a group that helped win his release. "Race, poverty, inadequate legal assistance, and prosecutorial indifference to innocence conspired to create a textbook example of injustice," Bryan Stevenson, the group's executive director and Hinton's lead attorney, said of his African-American client. "I can't think of a case that more urgently dramatizes the need for reform than what has happened to Anthony Ray Hinton." Stevenson said the "refusal of state prosecutors to re-examine this case despite persuasive and reliable evidence of innocence is disappointing and troubling." Amnesty report: Executions down but death sentences on the rise . Dressed in a dark suit and blue shirt, Hinton praised God for his release, saying he was sent "not just a lawyer, but the best lawyers." He said he will continue to pray for the families of the murder victims. Both he and those families have suffered a miscarriage of justice, he said. "For all of us that say that we believe in justice, this is the case to start showing, because I shouldn't have (sat) on death row for 30 years," he said. Woman who spent 22 years on death row has case tossed . Hinton was accompanied Friday by two of his sisters, one of whom still lives in the Birmingham area. Other siblings will fly to the area to see him soon, Stevenson said. His mother, with whom he lived at the time of his arrest, is no longer living, according to the lawyer. Hinton planned to spend at least this weekend at the home of a close friend. He will meet with his attorneys Monday to start planning for his immediate needs, such as obtaining identification and getting a health checkup, Stevenson said. The plan now is to spend a few weeks to get oriented with freedom and "sort out what he wants to do," Stevenson said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Anthony Ray Hinton is thankful to be free after nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row.
Hinton, 58, says he was convicted of murder in 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area restaurant managers.
Hinton says he was convicted of murder in 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area restaurant managers.
Hinton says he was convicted of murder in 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area restaurant managers.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Blues legend B.B. King was hospitalized for dehydration, though the ailment didn't keep him out for long. King's dehydration was caused by his Type II diabetes, but he "is much better," his daughter, Claudette King, told the Los Angeles Times. The legendary guitarist and vocalist released a statement thanking those who have expressed their concerns. "I'm feeling much better and am leaving the hospital today," King said in a message Tuesday. Angela Moore, a publicist for Claudette King, said later in the day that he was back home resting and enjoying time with his grandchildren. "He was struggling before, and he is a trouper," Moore said. "He wasn't going to let his fans down." No more information on King's condition or where he was hospitalized was immediately available. B.B. is short for Blues Boy, part of the name he used as a Memphis disc jockey, the Beale Street Blues Boy. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987, and has 30 Grammy nominations. King, 89, has used various models of Gibson guitars over the years, and named each one of them Lucille. In the 1980s, Gibson officially dropped the model number on the guitar he used last and most. It became a custom-made signature model named Lucille, manufactured exclusively for the "King of the Blues." Some of his hits include "The Thrill Is Gone," which won him his first Grammy in 1970, "There Must be a Better World Somewhere" and "When Love Comes to Town," a collaboration with U2. Last year, the bluesman suffered from dehydration and exhaustion after a show in Chicago, forcing him to cancel the remainder of his tour. CNN's Greg Botelho and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Blues legend B.B. King hospitalized for dehydration.
King's dehydration was caused by his Type II diabetes.
King is short for Blues Boy, part of the name he used as a Memphis disc jockey.
King has 30 Grammy nominations.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Anyone who has given birth -- or been an observer of the event -- knows how arduous it can be. But to do it live on the Internet? With two hooves sticking out for several minutes in the midst of labor? Luckily, Katie -- a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo -- is a champ. In an hour-long labor captured by 10 cameras and streamed live by Animal Planet, Katie gave birth to a not-so-little baby (about 6 feet tall) early Friday evening. There was no immediate word on the newborn's gender or condition. But there were good signs, as seen on the live stream and Dallas Zoo's Twitter feed -- like its ears moving, its efforts to stand, and its nursing (or at least trying to nurse) from mom. "We're so proud," the zoo tweeted. The newcomer's debut was a long time coming, especially when you count for Katie's 15-month gestation period -- average for a giraffe, according to Animal Planet. The baby joins a sister, 4-year-old calf Jamie. It wasn't immediately known how many people online saw Katie go into labor and give birth. But the giraffe definitely did have watchers in the form of fellow giraffes who saw the scene unfold from an abutting barn, one of them being Katie's BFF Jade. The fact that the spunky Katie held up so well under the spotlight isn't a total shocker.  The zoo describes her as the "diva" among a herd of 12 giraffes at the zoo who loves to "toss her head around" when she doesn't like something. As Animal Planet noted, "She's one of the only giraffes at the Dallas Zoo who can stick her long tongue out on cue." CNN's Justin Lear contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Katie, a giraffe at the Dallas Zoo, gives birth to a not-so-little baby.
The giraffe's 15-month gestation period is average for a giraffe.
The baby joins a sister, 4-year-old calf Jamie.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Do you remember the talk about plans for Iraqi-led force to try to take back Mosul this spring? Well, you might want to forget it. Nearly three months after a U.S. official said up to 25,000 Iraqis troops were expected to return to the key northern Iraqi city in April or May, a senior official in President Barack Obama's administration said Thursday that Washington is "not putting a timeframe on" a possible invasion. It "might be some time from now. Might be soon," another senior administration official said. Mosul has long been the big prize in the Iraqi government's fight -- aided by a U.S.-led military coalition, which has carried out airstrikes for months -- to defeat ISIS. It has also long been a source of embarrassment, considering how it fell after Iraqi troops dropped their weapons, abandoned their posts and ran for their lives when militants arrived last June. The senior administration officials who talked to reporters Thursday stressed the Iraqis and their allies are making progress in their fight against the group that calls itself the Islamic State. In fact, officials insist that ISIS has been degraded substantially thanks to a combination of air power and ground combat. The biggest and most recent example of this came with the recapture a few weeks ago of Tikrit, the hometown of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein that is located some 100 miles (160 kilometers) north of Baghdad. Iraqi forces aided by Iranian-backed Shiite militiamen took that northern city, the same place where ISIS allegedly massacred Iraqi troops last year. Still, Mosul isn't Tikrit. For one thing, it has a lot more people -- about a million, one Obama administration official noted. And it's more important not only to Iraq, but ISIS, meaning the terrorist group has all the more reason to go all-out to defend it. In some ways, the campaign for Mosul has begun, according to officials. There are no plans for U.S. combat troops involvement in an eventual operation, they say, but airstrikes have already targeted ISIS positions in the area. Just because the area has been softened up some from the air, though, doesn't mean a full ground assault is imminent. Calling for "patience," an administration official said that winning Mosul is a complex endeavor. It will "take a lot of capacity," the official said, "and some time to build."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nearly three months after U.S. official said up to 25,000 Iraqis troops expected to return to Mosul.
Mosul has been the big prize in the Iraqi government's fight against ISIS.
The U.S. has carried out airstrikes for months to defeat the group.
The U.S. has no plans for combat troops involvement in an eventual operation.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Where do you go from here? The fourth season of "Game of Thrones" saw massive battles, major deaths (Tywin!) and White Walkers, but what can fans expect Sunday as we head into a fifth season of one of the most popular shows in HBO history? It's the most high-profile premiere yet, airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time. (HBO is a Time Warner company, like CNN.) We sought out "Thrones" aficionado Doug Gross, a writer for Nerdwallet and a former CNN employee, who had a few thoughts on the matter (beware, TV fans, he has read the books). "We're going to start seeing some of the show's major story arcs coming together," Gross said (as confirmed by the executive producers). "Already, Stannis has shown up at the Wall to save Jon Snow and the rest of the Night's Watch from the wildlings," he said. "Now we'll see how his quest for the Iron Throne collides with the Watch's supposedly non-political role protecting the realm." Tyrion's path should cross with Daenerys' this season, according to the trailers. "Season five also will be unique in that some of the major story arcs will clearly be moving ahead of where George Martin is in the 'Song of Ice and Fire' books," Gross pointed out. Executive producer David Benioff told Rolling Stone, "We are starting to build to a crescendo, which means the battles have to get bigger and things have to get more dramatic." Indeed, this fifth season means we're past the halfway point, with the show currently set to end after seven years. The Stark daughters, Arya and Sansa, will be the characters to watch this season, as will Cersei. The world of Westeros is constantly plagued by war, but is there a time when people have just had enough? "Wars are waged by the nobles, but it's the common folk who suffer," Gross noted. "And, this season, we'll get a glimpse of what happens when those common people have had enough."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Game of Thrones" executive producer: "We are starting to build to a crescendo"
Season five will be unique in that some story arcs will move ahead of books.
The show currently set to end after seven years.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A popular Chinese television host known for impromptu satire is now the subject of controversy after being caught on camera cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong. Bi Fujian, who works for state-run China Central Television, was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song that eulogizes the Communist Party's early years when he started going off script. "The Communist Party, Chairman Mao. Don't mention that old son of a b***h. He made us suffer so bad," went Bi's improvised lyrics. The other dinner guests burst into laughter. Bi later apologized. "My personal speech has led to grave social consequences, and I feel remorseful for that. I hereby sincerely apologize to the public. As a public figure, I shall learn the lesson from this incident, adhering to strict self-discipline," he posted on Weibo, China's Twitter-like social media platform. Making disrespectful references to China's leaders in public is considered a taboo in China, even today. And Bi's comment was directed at the man regarded by many as the country's founding father -- despite his controversial reputation. The 75-second video clip, seemingly filmed on the cellphone of another dinner guest, was uploaded on Monday. Since then, it has been removed from video-sharing sites inside China, although it was still accessible on Weibo. It's unclear when the incident occurred, or what the relationsip was between the camera person and Bi. CCTV said it would investigate. "As a CCTV presenter, Bi Fujian's speech in the online video has led to grave social consequences," the network said in a statement posted on its Weibo account. CCTV did not respond to a CNN request for comment. Fondly known as "Grandpa Bi," the 56-year-old TV personality was born and grew up in the Mao era. The song Bi riffed on was part of a "red" Peking opera that was first performed in the late 1950s. It was popularized during the Cultural Revolution of the 1960s and 1970s -- which was launched by Mao -- when China was torn apart by violence and social unrest. The video quickly divided China's online community. Critics said Bi, as an influential public figure, deserved a harsh punishment. But others rushed to his defense, arguing that Bi was simply enjoying himself in a private setting and was set up by whoever uploaded the clip. The video also emerged just a day before the new head of CCTV started his job, leading some to wonder if it were a case of "a new broom sweeps clean." Mao still divides opinion in China. His giant portrait hangs on Beijing's Tiananmen Gate, and thousands flock to see his embalmed body at his mausoleum in Tiananmen Square in the heart of the Chinese capital. But despite this reverence, Mao's is a deeply flawed legacy. Many remember him as a brutal dictator who inspired fear, paranoia and famine, and whose actions resulted in tens of millions of deaths. CNN's Shen Lu contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CCTV: "Bi Fujian's speech in the online video has led to grave social consequences"
Bi Fujian was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song.
The song eulogizes the Communist Party's early years.
Bi later apologized.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the United States and Cuba.  But insert Venezuela into the mix and Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension." Heads of state from 35 countries in the Western Hemisphere have met every three years to discuss economic, social or political issues since the creation of the summit in 1994.  Cuba has historically been the wrench in the diplomatic machinery, with some Latin American leaders threatening not to attend the Summit of the Americas if the United States and Canada didn't agree to invite President Raul Castro. The tide changed December 17, 2014, when President Barack Obama and Castro announced that more than five decades of Cold War rivalry was ending. Diplomats from both countries immediately began negotiations to establish embassies in Havana and Washington, and the attention immediately focused on the Summit of the Americas, where for the first time since the about-face, Obama and Castro would come face-to-face. The much anticipated handshake between Obama and Castro would steal all the headlines if it wasn't for Cuba's strongest ally, Venezuela. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro recently accused the United States of trying to topple his government and banned former President George Bush, former Vice President Dick Cheney, and Senators Bob Menendez and Marco Rubio from entering Venezuela. "They can't enter Venezuela because they're terrorists,"  Maduro said, blaming the American politicians for what he called terrorist actions in Iraq, Syria and Vietnam. The U.S. State Department said the allegations of U.S. involvement in a coup plot against Maduro were "baseless and false." Later,  Obama issued an executive order sanctioning seven Venezuelan officials for human rights violations and saying the country was a "threat to national security." White House officials said every executive order includes that language, but it has sparked a fiery response from Maduro, who has been collecting millions of signatures demanding the repeal of the order.  He also asked for repeal in full-page ads in The New York Times and in a Panama City newspaper. Maduro didn't stop there; he has been rallying other Latin American leaders, including Bolivian President Evo Morales, Ecuador's Rafael Correa and Nicaragua's Daniel Ortega. But perhaps most damning for the United States -- and creating the "triangle of tension" at the summit --  Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has sided publicly with Maduro. "We reiterate our strong condemnation of the unacceptable and unjustifiable unilateral sanctions imposed against the sister nation of Venezuela and the continued foreign interference with the purpose of creating a climate of instability in that sister nation.  We ratify our firmest support to the Bolivarian Revolution and the legitimate government headed by President Nicolás Maduro," Rodriguez said. While the world watches for the photo-op of Obama and Castro, it's unclear if more Latin American diplomats will side with Maduro, and for America, the VII Summit of the Americas could go from "mi casa es su casa" to a walk into the lion's den.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: VII Summit of the Americas scheduled for December 17-19.
Obama, Castro announce end of Cold War rivalry.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro accuses U.S. of trying to topple his government.
Obama issued executive order sanctioning seven Venezuelan officials for human rights violations.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)#UporDown? That's the trending question on social media, thanks to a photo of a cat coming down some stairs. Or is it going up some stairs? (And you thought you were done with this kind of optical illusion free-for-all after #TheDress.) The picture was apparently uploaded on Imgur a few days ago and has caught fire thanks to a post on the website 9gag.com. Some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat. Others are commenting about the construction of the stairs. (Nobody has mentioned that some cats we could name would be more likely to stop in the middle of the steps and play with a mousie.) Of course, where there's public debate, there are advertisers waiting to take advantage of the situation. Taxes? Now, those are REALLY confusing.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Cat photo has gone viral on Imgur and 9gag.com.
People are commenting about the construction of the stairs.
Some people are noting the apparent motion of the cat.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Tornado sirens blared Wednesday night in Kansas as several storms brought reports of twisters. Spotters reported a tornado about 6 miles northwest of Goddard, which is less than 15 miles west of Wichita.  That storm moved to the northeast, missing the city, but posing potential risks to other communities. "There will be storms ... that pop up all night long," said CNN severe weather expert Chad Myers. "Nighttime tornadoes are the most deadly, are the most dangerous." Other reports of tornadoes came in from southwestern Kansas, according to the Storm Prediction Center. Three of the sightings were near Aetna, 125 miles southwest of Wichita. Kansas wasn't the only state affected by the storms. The National Weather Service indicated a tornado may have touched down in the small town of Potosi, Missouri, about 70 miles from St. Louis. CNN affiliate KMOV reported that it had received reports of wind damage and flooding in the town. One Instagram user there posted a photo of a fallen tree. Aerial footage also showed damage to roofs and one street overtaken by water. Not far away from Potosi, Shyler and Christin Strube in Leadington posted an Instagram picture of some unusual dark clouds. And a Twitter user in Farmington got bad news when he went out to his car. "They weren't kidding when they said baseball size (hail)," Kevin Knox wrote. On Thursday, more storms are expected in the Midwest, Mississippi River Valley, Tennessee River Valley and near the southern Great Lakes, the weather service said. CNN's Sean Morris and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Storms bring reports of twisters in Kansas.
Tornado may have touched down in Missouri.
CNN affiliate KMOV reports wind damage, flooding in Missouri town.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: New York (CNN)When Liana Barrientos was 23 years old, she got married in Westchester County, New York. A year later, she got married again in Westchester County, but to a different man and without divorcing her first husband.  Only 18 days after that marriage, she got hitched yet again. Then, Barrientos declared "I do" five more times, sometimes only within two weeks of each other. In 2010, she married once more, this time in the Bronx. In an application for a marriage license, she stated it was her "first and only" marriage. Barrientos, now 39, is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree," referring to her false statements on the 2010 marriage license application, according to court documents. Prosecutors said the marriages were part of an immigration scam. On Friday, she pleaded not guilty at State Supreme Court in the Bronx, according to her attorney, Christopher Wright, who declined to comment further. After leaving court, Barrientos was arrested and charged with theft of service and criminal trespass for allegedly sneaking into the New York subway through an emergency exit, said Detective Annette Markowski, a police spokeswoman. In total, Barrientos has been married 10 times, with nine of her marriages occurring between 1999 and 2002.  All occurred either in Westchester County, Long Island, New Jersey or the Bronx. She is believed to still be married to four men, and at one time, she was married to eight men at once, prosecutors say. Prosecutors said the immigration scam involved some of her husbands, who filed for permanent residence status shortly after the marriages.  Any divorces happened only after such filings were approved. It was unclear whether any of the men will be prosecuted. The case was referred to the Bronx District Attorney's Office by Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the Department of Homeland Security's Investigation Division. Seven of the men are from so-called "red-flagged" countries, including Egypt, Turkey, Georgia, Pakistan and Mali. Her eighth husband, Rashid Rajput, was deported in 2006 to his native Pakistan after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force. If convicted, Barrientos faces up to four years in prison.  Her next court appearance is scheduled for May 18.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Liana Barrientos is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument"
Barrientos is believed to still be married to four men.
Barrientos has been married 10 times, with nine of her marriages occurring between 1999 and 2002.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)Washington was rocked late Thursday by shootings -- one at the gates of the U.S. Census Bureau's headquarters and another in a popular area packed with restaurant patrons. The shootings were connected, authorities said. They began with what authorities believe was a domestic kidnapping incident, according to D.C. Police Chief Cathy Lanier. The suspect's vehicle was spotted outside the Census Bureau, which is in Suitland, Maryland. A guard apparently approached the vehicle and saw two people arguing. That guard was then shot at least once in the upper body, said Prince George's County Fire Department spokesman Mark Brady. The guard was in extremely critical condition, according to Brady. The police chief said the suspect then fled the scene. Officers picked up the chase, and the suspect fired gunshots at multiple locations, Lanier said. The chase ended in a crash on Washington's busy H Street. A shootout ensues, Lanier said. An officer and the suspect were wounded, according to the police chief. Both were conscious and talking when they left the scene. "Right now, we have every reason to believe that the car that we have in this last incident here is the same car involved and the same person involved in the kidnapping," she said. Lanier told reporters the kidnapping victim was located and is in good condition. She did not identify the suspect, nor the guard, nor the officer who were injured. Steve Brusk reported from Washington. Dana Ford wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Greg Botelho also contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Suspect's vehicle spotted outside the Census Bureau.
One guard was shot at least once in the upper body.
The suspect fled the scene, police chief says.
The chase ended in a crash on Washington's busy H Street.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The University of Michigan has decided to proceed with a screening of the film "American Sniper" despite objections from some students. More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie as part of UMix, a series of social events the university stages for students. Bradley Cooper was nominated for an Oscar for his portrayal of Chris Kyle, a Navy SEAL and the most lethal sniper in U.S. military history. Kyle was fatally shot at a Texas shooting range in 2013. Some students believed the movie's depiction of the Iraq War reflected negatively on the Middle East and people from that region. Michigan's Detroit metropolitan area is home to the nation's largest Arab-American population. But there was a backlash to the decision to yank the movie, and a counter-petition asked school officials to reconsider. On Wednesday, E. Royster Harper, University of Michigan's vice president for student life, said in a statement that "It was a mistake to cancel the showing of the movie 'American Sniper' on campus as part of a social event for students" and that the show will go on. "The initial decision to cancel the movie was not consistent with the high value the University of Michigan places on freedom of expression and our respect for the right of students to make their own choices in such matters," the statement said. UMix will offer a screening of the family-friendly "Paddington" for those who would rather not attend "American Sniper." The announcement drew praise from Michigan head football coach Jim Harbaugh.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Michigan University to show "American Sniper" despite objections.
More than 200 students signed a petition asking the school not to show the movie.
The movie depicts the Iraq War, which some students believed reflected negatively on the Middle East.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: New Delhi  (CNN)An Indian software pioneer and nine others have been sentenced to seven years in jail for their role in what has been dubbed India's biggest corporate scandal in memory, police said. Ramalinga Raju, the former chairman of software services exporter Satyam Computers Services, was also fined $804,000, R.K. Gaur, a spokesman for India's Central Bureau of Investigation, told CNN. In 2009, Satyam Computers Services was at the center of a massive $1.6 billion fraud case after its then-chairman Raju admitted inflating profits with fictitious assets and nonexistent cash. Investigators say losses to investors resulting from the company's book manipulation were much higher. A special court convicted Raju and nine other people of cheating, criminal conspiracy, breach of public trust and other charges, said the Central Bureau of Investigation, which looked into the case. In the media, the case has been compared to the 2001 Enron Corp. scandal, in which a Houston energy company's earnings had been overstated by several hundred million dollars. When the scam made headlines, Satyam, which means "truth" in Sanskrit, was India's fourth-largest software services provider. It was serving almost 700 companies, including 185 Fortune 500 companies, and generated more than half of its revenue from the United States. The company had about 53,000 employees and operated in 65 countries. After Raju's shock disclosures six years ago, the Indian government fired Satyam's board. In a subsequent state-backed auction, the company was bought by Tech Mahindra, part of the country's Mahindra Group. A heavyweight of the nation's software industry, Raju, 60, has been in jail for the past 32 months. He had founded Satyam in 1987. His company made giant strides as the outsourcing business grew in India in the 1990s.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Indian software pioneer Ramalinga Raju fined $804,000.
Raju, chairman of Satyam Computers Services, was convicted of cheating.
Raju and nine others convicted of criminal conspiracy, breach of public trust.
Raju, 60, has been in jail for the past 32 months.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A 32-year-old Massachusetts man is facing murder charges, authorities said Wednesday, four days after another man's remains were found in a duffel bag. The Middlesex District Attorney's Office said that Carlos Colina, 32, will be arraigned the morning of April 14 for murder in connection with the remains discovered Saturday in Cambridge. Earlier this week, Colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury and improper disposal of a body. A Middlesex County judge then revoked bail for Colina in another case he's involved in, for alleged assault and battery. The victim in that case is different from the one whose remains were found in recent days. Police were notified Saturday morning about a suspicious item along a walkway in Cambridge. Officers arrived at the scene, opened a duffel bag and found human remains. After that discovery, police say, a surveillance video led them to an apartment building, where more body parts were discovered in a common area. That location is near the Cambridge Police Department headquarters. The remains at both locations belonged to the same victim, identified Monday as Jonathan Camilien, 26. Camilien and Colina knew each other, according to authorities. "This was a gruesome discovery," District Attorney Marian Ryan said. CNN's Kevin Conlon contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Carlos Colina, 32, faces murder charges, authorities say.
Colina was arraigned on charges of assault and battery causing serious bodily injury.
Police say Colina will be arraigned the morning of April 14 for murder.
The victim in that case is different from the one whose remains were found in recent days.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)"Star Wars" fans will get more than they bargained for when the saga comes to digital HD on Friday. The collection of the first six "Star Wars" movies will also include many special features, some of which give fans a rare glimpse behind the scenes of the saga. One focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies, including that of the insect-like Geonosians, as seen in "Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones." 'Star Wars' universe gets its first gay character . In the exclusive first-look video, sound designer Ben Burtt explains which animals were used to capture the alien sounds made by the Geonosians. Take a look at the video above to find out. 'Star Wars' films available for digital download for first time .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Star Wars" fans will get more than they bargained for when the saga comes to digital HD on Friday.
The collection of the first six "Star Wars" movies will also include many special features.
One focus of the features will be the sound effects of the movies.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)An Iranian military observation aircraft flew within 50 yards of an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month, sparking concern that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces, CNN has learned. The incident, which has not been publicly disclosed, troubled U.S. military officials because the unsafe maneuver could have triggered a serious incident. It also surprised U.S. commanders because in recent months Iranian forces have conducted exercises and operations in the region in a professional manner, one U.S. military official told CNN. "We think this might have been locally ordered," the official said. The incident took place as the U.S. and other world powers meet with Iran in Switzerland to negotiate a deal limiting Tehran's nuclear program. At the same time, Iran has been active in supporting proxies in several hotspots in the Persian Gulf and neighboring regions. The Navy MH-60R armed helicopter was flying from the deck of the USS Carl Vinson on a routine patrol in international airspace, the official said. An unarmed Iranian observation Y-12 aircraft approached. The Iranian aircraft made two passes at the helicopter, coming within 50 yards, before the helicopter moved off, according to the official. The official said the helicopter deliberately broke off and flew away in a 'predictable' manner so the Iranians could not misinterpret any U.S. intentions. The Navy helicopter was in radio contact with the ship during the encounter, but there was no contact between the two aircraft and no shots were fired. The Navy crew took photos of the incident but the military is not releasing them. The U.S. administration is considering a potential demarche protest against Iran, the official said. CNN has reached out to Iranian officials but has not received a response. This type of Iranian observation aircraft generally operates over the Gulf several times a month. But after the recent incident, U.S. naval intelligence did not see it again for two weeks, leading to the conclusion that the incident may have been ordered by a local commander who was then reprimanded by higher-ups. The Pentagon has noted for the last several years that most encounters with the Iranian military at sea or in air are conducted professionally, but that some missions run by Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps forces have been too aggressive against U.S. forces in the area. The U.S. military's concern has been that one of these incidents could escalate into a military encounter. This incident "might have been buffoonery" the official said, but there is always a risk from such actions. The incident comes as the Navy patrols the Gulf of Aden to watch for Iranian ships the U.S. believes are trying to bring weapons to resupply the Houthi rebels in Yemen. The Navy would share such intelligence with Saudi Arabia, a second U.S. official told CNN.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: U.S. Navy helicopter was flying in international airspace on a routine patrol.
Incident took place as U.S. and other world powers meet with Iran.
Iranian aircraft made two passes at the helicopter before it moved off.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)When photographer Johan Bavman became a father for the first time, he took more than a passing wonder about how his native Sweden is said to be the most generous nation on Earth for parental leave. He immersed himself in fatherhood -- twice over, you might say. He used his photography to document the real-life experience of other fathers taking full advantage of Sweden's extraordinary program, which allows mothers and fathers to take long, long leaves from their careers so they can care for their newborns. Get this: Sweden grants a total of 480 calendar days of parental leave, with 390 of them paid at 80% of income, with a maximum of 3,160 euros a month or $3,474. The remaining 90 days are paid at a flat-rate benefit of 20 euros a day, or $22. But there's a catch. Fathers have to share that leave with mothers. So to promote both parents to raise their children, Sweden has mandated that 60 of the 480 days be "daddy months" or "partner months." If the 60 daddy days aren't used, they are lost, reducing the maximum leave to 420 days. The country also created a "gender equality bonus": the more days that parents share the leave equally, they get a bonus that could total up to 1,500 euros, or $1,649. The idea is for both parents to share the joys and struggles of raising infants. In reality, only 12% of Swedish couples equally share the 480 days of leave, Bavman said, with women continuing to lead the way as the stay-at-home parent and men as the careerist. Still, Bavman mused last summer about how the policy impacts those men who use the full measure of their parental leave. Social media . Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography. At first, Bavman had difficulty finding such men. But the fathers he did find and photograph, he captured their devotion in realistic imagery. "I realized while I was talking to these dads, these dads are struck by how important the bonding is between you and the children," said Bavman, who now has a 3-year-old son, Viggo, with partner Linda Stark, a freelance journalist. "I didn't want to bring out fathers as superdads," Bavman said. "I wanted to bring out these role models which people can connect to. "I want to have those dads who can also show their tiredness ... which comes with being home with your children. It's a hard full-time job. This is something that we have been taking for granted for hundreds of years. This is something that mothers have never been recognized for." He also found moments of humor, with one child nearly ripping apart the shirt of his busy father. The fathers have become more understanding of their wives and even their own mothers, Bavman said. Some are now considering a career change to accommodate their parenthood. "Being home nine months, they get time to think about their life," the photographer said. Bavman is looking for a total of 60 fathers to photograph, to culminate in an exhibition and a book. So far he's found 35 worthy of his lens. Johan Bavman is a freelance photographer based in Malmo, Sweden. From 2008-2011, he worked as a staff photographer at Sydsvenskan, one of Sweden's largest newspapers.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Johan Bavman is a Swedish photographer who has been documenting fathers.
Sweden allows mothers and fathers to take long, long leaves from their careers.
Sweden has mandated that 60 of the 480 days be "daddy months" or "partner months"
Bavman says he's found fathers who are "struck by how important the bonding is"
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Craig Hicks, who is charged in the deaths of three Muslim college students in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, earlier this year, can face the death penalty, a judge ruled Monday, according to CNN affiliates. Superior Court Judge Orlando Hudson Jr. ruled that Hicks' case is "death penalty qualified," WRAL and WTVD reported. The 46-year-old was arrested February 10 in the deaths of Yusor Mohammad, 21, her 23-year-old husband, Deah Shaddy Barakat, and 19-year-old sister, Razan Mohammad Abu-Salha. All three were shot in the head. Hicks, who was the victims' neighbor, turned himself in to police the night of the killings. The next week, he was indicted on three counts of first-degree murder and a count of discharging a firearm into an occupied dwelling. He had no prior criminal record, police said. Police said "an ongoing neighbor dispute over parking" might have been a factor in the shootings but also said they weren't dismissing the possibility of a hate crime. On what is believed to be Hicks' Facebook page, numerous posts rail against religion. The victims' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime. The U.S. Department of Justice issued a statement in February saying the department's Civil Rights Division, along with the the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Middle District of North Carolina and the FBI, have opened "a parallel preliminary inquiry" to determine whether any federal laws, including hate crime laws, were violated. "It has always been our position that Mr. Hicks should be held responsible for his actions to the full extent of the law. His killing of three college students was despicable, and now he must face the consequences of his actions," said Rob Maitland, an attorney for Hicks' wife. Karen and Craig Hicks are in the process of divorce.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Superior Court Judge Orlando Hudson Jr. rules that Hicks' case is "death penalty qualified"
Hicks, who was the victims' neighbor, turned himself in to police the night of the killings.
Police said "an ongoing neighbor dispute over parking" might have been a factor in the shootings.
The victims' family members have called on authorities to investigate the slayings as a hate crime.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)HBO just whetted our appetite for a new season of "True Detective." The network released a teaser video for  season 2 of the critically acclaimed show, and it looks intense. Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch star in the new season, which premieres June 21. Here's the plot synopsis, according to Den of Geek: . "A bizarre murder brings together three law-enforcement officers and a career criminal, each of whom must navigate a web of conspiracy and betrayal in the scorched landscapes of California. Colin Farrell is Ray Velcoro, a compromised detective in the all-industrial City of Vinci, LA County. Vince Vaughn plays Frank Semyon, a criminal and entrepreneur in danger of losing his life's work, while his wife and closest ally (Kelly Reilly), struggles with his choices and her own. Rachel McAdams is Ani Bezzerides, a Ventura County Sheriff's detective often at odds with the system she serves, while Taylor Kitsch plays Paul Woodrugh, a war veteran and motorcycle cop for the California Highway Patrol who discovers a crime scene which triggers an investigation involving three law enforcement groups, multiple criminal collusions, and billions of dollars." Yes, please. The first season starred Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson as a pair of Louisiana State Police detectives investigating the death of a young woman. The crime drama proved to be a runaway hit, and the season 1 finale crashed the HBO Go site in March 2014.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: HBO released a teaser video for season 2 of "True Detective"
The new season stars Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn, Rachel McAdams and Taylor Kitsch.
The show is based on the novel "The Talented Mr. Ripley"
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Lauren Hill, who took her inspirational fight against brain cancer onto the basketball court and into the hearts of many, has died at age 19. The Indiana woman's story became known around the world last year when she was able to realize her dream of playing college basketball. Mount St. Joseph University in Cincinnati successfully petitioned the NCAA to move up the opening game of its schedule to accommodate her desire to play. Hill died early Friday. At a ceremony honoring her life on the school's campus Friday afternoon, head coach Dan Benjamin said the toughest thing a coach has to deal with is a loss. The community had lost more than a player, he said. It lost a friend and a daughter. And it lost "an unselfish angel." "It's not often you get to celebrate a loss," he told the crowd as he struggled to hold in his tears. "But today we celebrate a victory on how to live a life, through Lauren Hill. (No.) 22 you will be missed and remembered by so many." An assistant coach read a quote from Hill: . "I encourage everyone to cherish every moment with no worry about the past or anxiety about the future. Because the next moment is never promised. Never leave anything unsaid. I have learned to see the blessings in every moment and through every struggle, no matter how tough it might be. Nothing holds me back from living my life and chasing my dreams. I always finish what I start and see it through to the end. Never give up on your dreams. Find something to fight for; I fight for others." Hill would go on to help raise $1.4 million for pediatric cancer research with the nonprofit group The Cure Starts Now. The organization called her a "worldwide inspiration." "Lauren captured the hearts of people worldwide with her tenacity and determination to play in her first collegiate basketball game with her Mount St. Joseph University team," the group said on Facebook. People we've lost in 2015 . Mount St. Joseph University President Tony Artez said Hill's "love and laughter will remain in our hearts." "We are forever grateful to have had Lauren grace our campus with her smile and determined spirit," Artez said in a statement. "She has left a powerful legacy. She taught us that every day is a blessing, every moment a gift." Her principal at Lawrenceburg High School, Bill Snyder, announced her death to students Friday morning. "Lauren's message was constantly positive," he told CNN. "We all need to work together to beat obstacles. Not just cancer. In any situation we can be positive." As news of her death spread, social media lit up with messages honoring her life. NBA great LeBron James called her the "true definition of strength, courage, power, leadership." "The greatest accomplishment we can achieve as humans is to inspire many," Twitter user Just_AP wrote. "Lauren Hill did that." NCAA President Mark Emmert said Hill's "enthusiasm and strength were an inspiration not only to those who knew her best, but also to the millions of people she touched around the world by sharing her story." "Lauren achieved a lasting and meaningful legacy, and her beautiful spirit will continue to live on," he said in a statement. Hill was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma in 2013 when she was a senior in high school. The rare brain tumor was inoperable, but Hill persisted in playing on her high school team despite chemotherapy treatments. "I never gave up for a second, even when I got a terminal diagnosis, never thought about sitting back and not living life anymore," she told CNN affiliate WKRC-TV at the time. She had already committed to play for Mount St. Joseph when she was diagnosed. In October, the school received permission from the NCAA to move up its first scheduled game so Hill could play. In front of a sellout crowd, many wearing T-shirts bearing her name and slogan, "Never Give Up," watched the ballplayer score the first two points and the final layup of the game. "Today has been the best day I've ever had," Hill told the crowd after the game. "I don't know what to say but thank you." CNN's Jill Martin, Emanuella Grinberg and Faith Karimi contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Lauren Hill died Friday at age 19.
She was diagnosed with diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma in 2013.
She persisted in playing on her high school team despite chemotherapy treatments.
She had already committed to play for Mount St. Joseph University when she was diagnosed.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Des Moines, Iowa (CNN)Martin O'Malley told reporters in Iowa on Friday that inevitability -- a term bandied about regarding Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton -- is not unbreakable. "I've seen it before," the former Governor of Maryland and possible presidential contender said. "History is full of examples where the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable right up until she was no longer or he was no longer inevitable." Clinton was considered inevitable to win the nomination in 2008 but ended up losing to Barack Obama. O'Malley had previously dropped the inevitability comment in a television interview last month. The former governor, who capped off his two-day trip to the first-in-the-nation caucus state with a speech to the Polk County Democrats in Des Moines, said that although Clinton is an "eminently qualified candidate," the Democratic Party is full of "good leaders." "History is full of examples where people who are not very well known nationally can be very well known once they are willing to make their case to the people of Iowa," O'Malley said. In some polls, he has scored in the low single digits in the state. In a March CNN/ORC poll of national Democrats, only 1% picked O'Malley. In a January poll by Bloomberg Politics and the Des Moines Register, O'Malley was also at 1% among Iowa Democrats. Clinton, who leads most polls by upwards of 40 points, is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on Sunday through a video message on social media, a person close to her campaign-in-waiting told CNN on Friday. While he wouldn't say much about Clinton, when asked about her candidacy, O'Malley said, "if leaders believe that they have the experience and the framework to move our country forward, they should run. And they should engage with voters and our country would be the better for it." O'Malley, like other Democrats, appears to refrain from directly attacking Clinton. Although last month on ABC, he said that the presidency is "not some crown to be passed between two families," he has not focused on her. He has, however, openly teased a presidential run. "I know that, as Democrats, we expect -- and I have heard this all over the country -- the Democrats expect a robust conversation about the issues we face as a nation and the challenges we face," he said. "They believe that that conversation needs to take place in something as important as a presidential primary." He concluded: "It would be an extreme poverty indeed if there was only one person willing to compete for our party's nomination for President."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Martin O'Malley: "History is full of examples where the inevitable frontrunner was inevitable"
Former governor: "People who are not very well known nationally can be very well known"
O'Malley: "They should run. And they should engage with voters"
Clinton is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on Sunday.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Hip-hop star Nelly has been arrested on drug charges in Tennessee after a state trooper pulled over the private bus in which he was traveling, authorities said. The 40-year-old rapper from St. Louis, who shot to fame 15 years ago with the track "Country Grammar," has been charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia, the Tennessee Department of Safety and Homeland Security said. The state trooper stopped the bus carrying Nelly and five other people on Interstate 40 in Putnam County on Saturday because it wasn't displaying U.S. Department of Transportation and International Fuel Tax Association stickers, according to Tennessee authorities. The trooper was about to conduct an inspection of the bus, a Prevost motor coach, when he "noticed an odor of marijuana emitting from the vehicle," authorities said in a statement. Two troopers then searched the bus, finding "five colored crystal-type rocks that tested positive for methamphetamine, as well as a small amount of marijuana and other drug paraphernalia," the statement said. The search also turned up several handguns and 100 small Ziploc bags, which the statement said are commonly used for selling drugs. The guns included a gold-plated .50-caliber Desert Eagle pistol, a .45-caliber Taurus pistol and a .500 Smith & Wesson magnum. Nelly, whose real name is Cornell Haynes, was taken to the Putnam County Jail along with another passenger. He later posted bond and left the jail, the Putnam County Sheriff's Office said. CNN couldn't immediately reach Nelly's representatives for comment Saturday. CNN's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nelly, 40, was arrested on drug charges in Tennessee.
He was charged with felony possession of drugs, simple possession of marijuana.
Nelly was arrested on Interstate 40 in Putnam County on Saturday.
He was taken to the Putnam County Jail along with another passenger.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A year after its Cannes debut and finally seeing a theatrical release, "Lost River" is still causing quite a stir. Booed at its premiere and mocked by reviewers, Ryan Gosling's first feature as director has been divisive, to put it mildly. But there has been one shining light cutting through the fog of critical hyperbole: its setting, a besmirched and decaying Detroit. Wavering on the brink of annihilation, yet providing kindling for its own rebirth, the city is captured in all its waning splendor, the perfect backdrop for Gosling's post-industrial gothic. Speaking about the film in London, Gosling made clear that the city was at the heart of the project -- in fact, without Detroit's crumbling edifices there would be no film at all. Gosling said that "Lost River" began as a collection of speculative shots of the Brewster-Douglass Projects, the first black social housing development in America and a place Motown legends The Supremes and boxer Joe Louis once called home. "I heard [the authorities] were going to tear them down," Gosling said. "I had to shoot them before they did." Taking time out between acting jobs, he ventured into the projects. "I started shooting more and more," he explained, "and then I realized that I was making a film. Then I started writing [the script] during the process of filming." Gosling's affection for the Motor City is longstanding, the actor growing up "not too far away" in Cornwall, Ontario. "It seemed like everything cool came from Detroit... the whole American Dream," he reminisces. "The Model-T, Motown, the refrigerator..." Now though he references "40 miles of dead neighborhoods," the city declaring bankruptcy. "Houses are burning and things are being torn down," he says, "and within that there are families trying to hold on to their homes. For them it has become a nightmare and I wanted to make a film about that." The title itself alludes to a once thriving community now displaced, its homes at the bottom of a reservoir built with little concern for the residents -- man-made interference with untold social repercussions. Speaking in broader terms, Gosling argues "there are Lost Rivers everywhere and we wanted to share the experience these people were having." On screen he paints a nihilistic image of wanton destruction; torched properties and bulldozers jostling for our attention amid acts of extreme human violence -- sometimes self-inflicted. The director plainly states that as a location it "was pretty dangerous." He describes "an energy there that was threatening... We had a very charmed experience [filming]. It worked its way into the fabric of the movie --- a tone of impending threat that was just there." However there are signs of humanity and regeneration amongst the chaos, on camera and off. For the film's young protagonist, every raid on an unoccupied house offers copper piping waiting to be recast and ultimately reclaimed. Similarly, Gosling references the Heidelberg Project during the discussion, a community organization in the city's McDougall-Hunt neighborhood, reimagining derelict buildings as giant canvases for budding artists. He recalls seeing "one house covered with teddy bears, another covered in clocks... people taking spaces and personalizing them." The city's scope for urban renewal was clearly a draw. "Something really interesting is happening in Detroit at the moment -- a rebirth. People redefining what they are," according to Gosling. "There's a resilience there and an energy, and it's exciting." As much as the visual content of "Lost River" revolves around a maudlin preoccupation with dereliction -- and perhaps plays on the outside world's perception of Detroit -- aspects of the narrative suggest hope and the possibility of reincarnation for the city. Gosling claims this paradox should exist when discussing Detroit, and is precisely what the film is trying to convey. "We want people to know that dereliction is happening there, but that it's not only what is happening there," he argues. "It doesn't define Detroit, it's just part of what it's dealing with right now." "Lost River" receives a limited theatrical release in the U.S. and UK on April 10.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ryan Gosling's first feature as director is "Lost River," a Detroit-set film.
Gosling says the city is at the heart of the project, without Detroit there would be no film.
Gosling says "Lost River" began as a collection of speculative shots of the Brewster-Douglass Projects.
Gosling says "Lost River" is trying to show Detroit's resilience and rebirth.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Bring your own beaker, goblet or vase and slurp it up. 7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day at United States stores from 11 a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday to kick off peak Slurpee season. This shot at brain freeze isn't free, but customers at participating stores can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49, the average cost of a medium Slurpee. Note: A garbage can is not a cup. In-store displays with a 10-inch-diameter hole will rule out anything too ridiculously large for Slurpee consumption, and cups must be sanitary. But within those parameters, pretty much anything goes: . "From sand buckets to trophies, customers can unleash their creativity by bringing in their choice of a unique, fun Slurpee cup," said Laura Gordon, 7‑Eleven's vice president of marketing and brand innovation, in a statement. The promotion isn't to be confused with Free Slurpee Day, traditionally celebrated each July 11.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: 7-Eleven is hosting the first Bring-Your-Own-Cup Slurpee Day.
Customers can fill their "cup" of choice for $1.49.
The promotion isn't to be confused with Free Slurpee Day.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)All Elizabeth Sedway wanted was to leave paradise and head home. But she couldn't. Why? Because, according to her, she has cancer. That's what she said in a video posted to Facebook that shows her group packing up from their Alaska Airlines plane as it sat at the gate in Hawaii. "You're taking me off the airplane because I don't have a doctor's note saying I can fly," a woman is heard saying. "All these people are waiting, and I'm being removed as if  I'm a criminal or contagious, because I have cancer and no note to fly." Sedway did eventually get on a flight back to San Jose, California, although she didn't get home until late Tuesday night. And she got an apology. "We regret the inconvenience Ms. Sedway experienced ... and are very sorry for how the situation was handled," Alaska Airlines spokeswoman Bobbie Egan said. "... While our employee had the customer's well-being in mind, the situation could have been handled differently." Her cancer fight notwithstanding, Sedway was in Hawaii in time to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary. Still, on Monday, she was on a plane to head east. Then, according to her Facebook post, an airline employee who saw Sedway seated in the handicapped section asked her how she was doing. The second time she inquired, Sedway wrote that she responded by saying she sometimes felt weak. That was followed by a call to a doctor, then her removal from the plane. Egan, the Alaska Airlines spokeswoman, acknowledged that the carrier's policy when someone has a medical issue is to call MedLink, a group of ER nurses and doctors. The idea, she explained, is that "it is better to address medical issues or concerns on the ground rather than in the air, especially on flights to or from Hawaii" -- which in that case would last five-plus hours over open ocean. The decision to pull Sedway from the flight was done with "the customer's well-being" in mind, according to Egan. Still, that doesn't mean it was the right decision. Alaska Airlines since apologized to Sedway "for the disruption this has caused," in addition to refunding her family's tickets and paying for their overnight accommodations." Even though she was stuck in Hawaii, Sedway made clear on Facebook that this was a real "disruption." "Because of this, I will miss my chemotherapy, my children will miss school and my husband will miss important meetings," she said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Elizabeth Sedway says she has cancer and no doctor's note to fly.
She says she was removed from plane because she had cancer.
Sedway says she was stuck in Hawaii and she will miss chemotherapy.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)What was supposed to be a fantasy sports car ride at Walt Disney World Speedway turned deadly when a Lamborghini crashed into a guardrail. The crash took place Sunday at the Exotic Driving Experience, which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack. The Lamborghini's passenger, 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, died at the scene, Florida Highway Patrol said. The driver of the Lamborghini, 24-year-old Tavon Watson of Kissimmee, Florida, lost control of the vehicle, the Highway Patrol said. He was hospitalized with minor injuries. Petty Holdings, which operates the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway, released a statement Sunday night about the crash. "On behalf of everyone in the organization, it is with a very heavy heart that we extend our deepest sympathies to those involved in today's tragic accident in Orlando," the company said. Petty Holdings also operates the Richard Petty Driving Experience -- a chance to drive or ride in NASCAR race cars named for the winningest driver in the sport's history. CNN's Vivan Kuo and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Lamborghini crashes into guardrail at Exotic Driving Experience.
Passenger, 36-year-old Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, dies.
Driver, 24-year-old Tavon Watson of Kissimmee, Florida, loses control of vehicle.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Atlanta (CNN)A passenger on an Atlanta-bound Air Canada flight told a CNN reporter on the plane Friday that a stranger sitting behind him tried to choke him. Oliver Minatel, 22, said he was sleeping on Air Canada Flight 8623 from Toronto when he felt something around his neck. "With a rope, something that he has, he just jumped on me. That's what happened," Minatel told CNN's Paula Newton moments after the incident. She was seated four rows behind Minatel, a professional soccer player traveling with his team. The incident occurred about a half-hour before the flight landed, after the pilots had begun their descent. "I forced it (the cord) down and then other people came to help, and then I got out and he started saying that we were here to kill him," Minatel said. The man was not restrained for the rest of the trip, but the flight crew told him to stay seated with his seat belt on. The man kept trying to get out of his seat but other passengers yelled at him whenever he tried to stand up. The two-hour flight landed at Atlanta's Hartsfield airport at about 4:30 p.m.  where it was met by U.S. authorities.  The suspect was escorted off the plane. An FBI spokesman confirmed the agency responded to the incident. "The passenger, however, was transported for medical/mental evaluation under the direction and coordination of the Atlanta Police Department," Special Agent Stephen Emmett said. "While there are currently no federal charges pending, the facts of the matter are being relayed to the U.S. Attorney's Office in Atlanta." Minatel, a forward from Brazil, was traveling with his teammates from the Ottawa Fury Football Club of the second-division North American Soccer League.  They are scheduled to play the Atlanta Silverbacks on Saturday. "We're very thankful to everyone who came to the aid of Oliver and relieved that he's O.K. and ready to play in our game," Fury FC Head Coach Marc Dos Santos said in a statement posted on the team's website. Several witnesses said they saw the suspect try to choke Minatel with the cord of his headphones. Kevin Kerr says he was seated next to the suspect. "He was talking about how this soccer team was trying to kill him. I thought he was maybe a deranged fan," said Kerr. Kerr said he fell asleep and he awakened to see the suspect trying to choke Minatel. "I assisted to make sure that didn't happen," Kerr said. The Canadian businessman said he and members of the soccer team kept a close eye on the suspect as the plane landed to make sure he did not threaten other passengers.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Oliver Minatel says he was sleeping on Air Canada Flight 8623 from Toronto.
He says he felt something around his neck and was choked.
Minatel says he was trying to get out of his seat but other passengers yelled at him.
The suspect was escorted off the plane.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst, a convicted felon, with unlawful possession of a firearm. In this week's indictment,  Durst, 71, is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver, which authorities allegedly found in his hotel room last month. He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge, according to the indictment. The charge is the latest in a litany of accusations. A Louisiana judge ruled last month that Durst, who is charged with first-degree murder, will be held without bail at a facility near New Orleans. Durst was featured this spring in "The Jinx," a HBO documentary about him. He's accused of killing his friend  Susan Berman at her home in California in 2000. He also faces state weapons and drugs charges in New Orleans. Last month, court documents claimed that Durst had a loaded .38-caliber revolver, marijuana, his passport and birth certificate, a latex mask with salt-and-pepper hair attached and more than $40,000 cash. He also had a UPS tracking number. The package was intercepted by the FBI, prosecutors said, and it contained clothing and more than $100,000 in cash. But the bigger courtroom fight will probably unfold in Los Angeles, where the district attorney filed a first-degree murder charge against Durst last month. He awaits extradition to Los Angeles to face that charge. If convicted, he could face the death penalty. Prosecutors accuse Durst of "lying in wait" and killing Berman, a crime writer and his longtime confidante, because she "was a witness to a crime." Berman was shot in the head in her Beverly Hills home in December 2000, shortly before investigators were set to speak with her about the 1982 disappearance of Durst's first wife, Kathleen McCormack Durst. Durst has long maintained that he had nothing to do with Berman's death or his wife's disappearance. It's not the first time he has been accused of murder. He admitted killing and dismembering his neighbor at a 2003 trial, but he was acquitted after arguing that he acted in self-defense. FBI agents have also asked local authorities to examine cold cases in locations near where Durst lived over the past five decades, a U.S. law enforcement official said. Unsolved cases in Vermont, upstate New York, the San Francisco Bay Area and Southern California are among those getting a new look, the official said. Durst's attorney, Dick DeGuerin, said it's a sign that authorities are desperate. DeGuerin has said Durst has serious medical conditions. He is suffering from hydrocephalus, which required brain surgery a couple of years ago, DeGuerin said. Doctors implanted a stent on the right side of his head, the attorney said. "At the same time he was in the hospital, he had an operation on his esophagus to remove cancer. So he's got some serious health issues. ... He's lost a lot of weight. He's not in good health," DeGuerin said. DeGuerin also said that Durst is "mildly autistic" and has received treatment in the past from one of the country's leading experts in Asperger's syndrome and autism.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Robert Durst, 71, is accused of possessing a.38-caliber revolver.
He faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of that charge.
Durst is accused of killing his friend Susan Berman in 2000.
He also faces state weapons and drugs charges in New Orleans.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The graffiti, written in a French chalk quarry and dating back almost 100 years, is plain and stark. "HJ Leach. Merely a private. 13/7/16. SA Australia," reads one inscription. "HA Deanate, 148th Aero Squadron, USA. 150 Vermilyea Ave, New York City," another says. "9th Batt Australians, G. Fitzhenry, Paddington, Sydney, N.S.W., 1916 July; Alistair Ross, Lismore, July," reads a third. They were World War I soldiers, four of almost 2,000, whose writings have recently been found underneath battlefields near Naours, France, about 120 miles north of Paris. Photographer Jeff Gusky, who has been chronicling details of the site, describes the inscriptions -- and the underground city in which they were found -- as "breathtaking." "This is a treasure trove," he said Monday night from his home in East Texas, where he works as an ER doctor. "Even locally, no one realized what was there." Gusky, a National Geographic photographer, has chronicled the area in a portfolio he calls "The Hidden World of WWI." The revelations of the underground city, which extends for miles in some directions, have come to light recently only because of a series of events, Gusky said. The underground city actually dates back centuries but was sealed up in the 18th century. It was rediscovered in the late 19th century. During World War I, soldiers would take refuge in the carved-out rooms and pathways. The front was sometimes mere miles away; the Battle of the Somme, one of the bloodiest in world history, was fought nearby in 1916. The land was privately owned for many years and generally off-limits to outsiders, said Gusky, but it changed hands in 2013. The rights to operate it were purchased by a consortium of villages that wanted to promote awareness of the area's history, he said. Researching the city is a painstaking task. For one thing, it's dark, so observers generally haven't realized what's in there until they've gone exploring. Moreover, the maze-like extensiveness of the site has made discovery a slow process. "They go on and on and on. They're so elaborate in some places, there are maps carved into stone so the soldiers wouldn't get lost," he said. The graffiti looks like it was written yesterday, he added. Gusky has noted 1,821 names. About 40% are Australian, with most of the others identified as British. Fifty-five are Americans, and 662 have yet to be traced. For Gusky, the graffiti provides a human connection with men who lived a century ago. In many cases, they just wanted to be remembered, he said. "Someone could be in this place one day and the next fighting at the front," he said. Leach, "merely a private," was killed a month later in battle, Gusky observed. "It could very well have been the last time he recorded his name as a living, breathing human being," he said. 7 things you didn't know about the man who started WWI .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: World War I soldiers wrote their names in chalk quarry.
They were taken refuge in carved-out rooms and pathways.
The land was privately owned for many years and off-limits to outsiders.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Saturday at the Masters, like any PGA tournament, has been dubbed 'Moving Day'. It's the day after the fat has been cut and the big dogs make their move up -- or occasionally down -- the leader board. Players rose and players fell away on Moving Day at the 2015 Masters. Rory McIlroy went out in 32 and briefly raised the crowd's hopes that he had a sniff of completing an improbable Grand Slam on Sunday night. But he dropped two shots late on in the round to finish six under par. Woods comeback? A rejuvenated Tiger Woods showed touches of his old class mixed with the ragged unpredictability that has marked his new game to finish six under too. A huge improvement, but still a long way from him wearing the green jacket again. "It could have been a super low today," a disappointed Woods said after his round. "All in all. It should have been two shots better." Phil Mickelson powered around the course, threatening to challenge too, finishing on eleven under. As did a late Justin Rose surge, where he fired four birdies in a row to finish twelve under and in second place. In the end, there was lots of moving, but no one could move quick enough or far enough to trouble Jordan Spieth. Infallible . The 21 year old has been nothing short of a sensation at Augusta. His infallible first two rounds gave the 21 year old from Dallas, Texas a five shot lead going in to the third round. That has happened only three times at Augusta before, and on all three occasions the leader has gone on to win. Spieth's 15 birdies are just 10 away from Phil Mickelson's Masters mark set in 2001. He could also break Tiger Woods 270 set in 1997. As it happened, Spieth played a steady, almost conservative round. When he made the occasional mistake, like the bogey at 15, he hit back straight away with a birdie next hole. As his third round came to a close the birdies flowed, his putting impeccable. The only nerves on show came during the last two holes with a double bogey at the 17. Echos of 1996? When reminded of some of the great Augusta comebacks, including Nick Faldo's 11 shot swing in 1996, Tiger Woods still believes anything is possible. "It really is," he said. "We saw what happened in 1996. You never know. It depends on the conditions." He is, of course, right. As Greg Norman knows only too well, anything can happen on the final day. But that kind of crescendo also depends on Spieth experiencing a Greg Norman-style meltdown. Spieth's double bogey on the 17th and wobble on the 18th will give the chasing pack some hope. Yet, for all the movement of Mickelson, Woods, Rose and McIlroy, they made just a one shot dent into Spieth's second round lead. He will begin Sunday four shots ahead.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Rory McIlroy drops two shots late on in the round to finish six under par.
Tiger Woods shows touches of his old class mixed with the ragged unpredictability.
Justin Rose fires four birdies in a row to finish twelve under and in second place.
Jordan Spieth has been nothing short of a sensation at Augusta.
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A Delaware father is in stable condition and improving as his two boys remain in critical condition after they became sick -- perhaps from pesticide exposure, federal officials say -- during a trip to the U.S. Virgin Islands. Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in St. John, where they were renting a villa at the Sirenusa resort. The family has confidence in their medical professionals and is hopeful for a full recovery, according to a statement released Monday from the family's attorney, James Maron. The teens' mother, Theresa Devine, was treated at a hospital and released, and is in occupational therapy, Maron said. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Friday that the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa in St. John may have caused the illnesses, which were reported to the EPA on March 20. Paramedics were called to the villa, which the family was renting. Esmond was found unconscious; the boys and their mother were having seizures, Maron said. The lawyer did not say who called the paramedics. Elias Rodriguez, an EPA spokesman, said the agency's preliminary test results "do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying." Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects, including central nervous system and respiratory system damage, according to the EPA. The use of the pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity. It's not allowed to be used indoors. Only certified professionals are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings. For example, the pesticide is injected into the soil of some U.S. strawberry fields, said Judith Enck, an EPA regional administrator. "We trust that the strawberry producers are making sure that there's not excess pesticide residue on strawberries," Enck said. "You definitely want to wash them really good. "This is a pesticide that's been around for a long time, and ironically because of its impact and damage to the ozone layer, it's being phased out because of the air impacts of this fumigant," Enck added. Field workers at a Connecticut nursery were poisoned by the chemical in 1990, according to the Journal of Industrial Medicine. In 2011, warehouse workers in California fell ill after exposed to grapes imported from Chile fumigated with methyl bromide, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said. Dr. Sanjay Gupta, CNN's chief medical correspondent, said many parts of the world banned the chemical, a neurotoxin. The agent is to be used only outdoors. The chemical is also odorless and colorless, Gupta said. "It's not something that you would have any warning of," Gupta said. The chemical is often mixed with tear gas so people can be aware of its presence, he added. The EPA said it is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on March 18 and whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated. Enck, the EPA regional administrator, said paramedics were called early on March 20. Sea Glass Vacations, which acts as a rental agent for several units at Sirenusa, said the unit directly below the one where the family stayed was recently treated for pests, but that the family's unit was not treated. The company said it licensed an outside company, Terminix, for the pest control services. On Monday, it ended its contract with Terminix. In an email to CNN before the termination, a spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is "committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers, employees, the public and the environment" and is "looking into this matter internally, and cooperating with authorities." The U.S. Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation. "Many questions remain why an odorless pesticide of this level of toxicity could be manufactured, distributed and applied in a residential area resulting in this family's injuries," Maron said. The attorney added: "The family is confident that the responsible parties will be brought to justice and held accountable." CNN's Rob Frehse, Jean Casarez, Sara Ganim, Jason Hanna, Laura Ly and Michael Martinez contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: EPA says family's villa was treated for pests.
NEW: Family's unit was not treated.
NEW: EPA is investigating whether family was made ill after fumigation.
NEW: Family is in stable condition and improving, attorney says.
Thput (tok/s): 32.77 +/- 0.00
Total generated tokens: 101, Total accepted tokens: 101, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The commissioner-general of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency will make an emergency visit to the Yarmouk Palestinian refugee camp in Syria on Saturday, a spokesman says. Commissioner-General Pierre Krähenbühl will assess the humanitarian situation in the camp and speak with individuals about ways to relieve the suffering of the people who remain there. "The visit is prompted by UNRWA's deepening concern for the safety and protection of 18,000 Palestinians and Syrian civilians, including 3,500 children," agency spokesman Christopher Gunness told CNN's Paula Newton.  "Yarmouk  remains under the control of armed groups, and civilian life continues to be threatened by the effects of the conflict." Krähenbühl will meet with senior Syrian officials, U.N. and relief agency staff members, and displaced people from the camp itself. The Yarmouk refugee camp, which sits just 6 miles from central Damascus, has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012. The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the militant group ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front control about 90% of the camp.  The organization also claims that the Syrian government has dropped barrel bombs on the camp as recently as Sunday in an effort to drive out armed groups. Yarmouk was formed in 1957 to accommodate people displaced by the Arab-Israeli conflict and is the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria. The U.N. relief agency estimates that there were 160,000 people in the camp when the conflict began in 2011 between forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad and opposition fighters. That number has dropped to about 18,000, according to estimates. Yarmouk has been largely cut off from aid since November 2013.  There have been widespread reports of malnutrition and shortages of medical care. "We will not abandon hope," Gunness said.  "We will not submit to pessimism, because to abandon hope would be to abandon the people of Yarmouk.  ... We cannot abandon the people of Yarmouk, and we will not, hence this mission."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: U.N. agency spokesman: Visit prompted by concern for safety and protection of civilians.
Yarmouk refugee camp has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the militant group ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front control about 90% of the camp.
Thput (tok/s): 33.74 +/- 0.97
Total generated tokens: 102, Total accepted tokens: 102, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Fans of the late actor Paul Walker knew that watching him in "Furious 7" would be bittersweet. Even so, many moviegoers said the final scenes of the new film, which earned a record $146 million over the weekend, still packed an emotional wallop. "Not gonna lie, I shed a few tears at the end of Furious 7. The tribute to Paul Walker was very well done," one woman said Monday on Twitter. Hers was just one of a flood of messages on social media from people who said they got choked up during scenes featuring Walker, who died at 40 in a car crash in November 2013, before filming on "Furious 7" was completed. To finish Walker's scenes, the makers of the movie used body doubles, computer-generated images and even the actor's brothers. But it was the ending that really got to moviegoers. In finishing "Furious 7," the film's producers sought to retire Walker's character, Brian, while paying homage to his role in the blockbuster "Furious" action franchise. But they felt that killing him off might appear exploitative. "If they had gone down the other path, I think I would have refused to finish making this movie," director James Wan told BuzzFeed. Instead, the movie's makers chose to "retire Paul's character in the most sincere and elegant way (they) could," Wan said. Their idea was to have Brian retire from his dangerous, high-octane lifestyle out of a sense of responsibility to his growing family with girlfriend Mia, who is pregnant with their second child. A scene late in the movie shows him and Mia playing on a beach with their son while the crew looks on -- essentially saying goodbye. Then his longtime buddy Dom reminisces about their years together, leading to a montage of Walker scenes from the first six movies. The song that plays over the montage is  "See You Again," a collaboration between Wiz Khalifa and Charlie Puth. Co-star Vin Diesel shared the video for the song late Sunday on his Facebook page, where it has more than 1.5 million likes. Fans on Twitter and Facebook mostly praised the movie's ending as a fitting tribute -- and an emotionally wrenching one. "Man I don't care how tough u are or how gangsta u claim to be . ...the last five minutes had me choked up in the movie theater ... I saw it 3 times in one day ... ...the ending is the deepest ending I've ever seen," one man wrote on the movie's Facebook page.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Furious 7" earned a record $146 million over the weekend.
Movie's producers sought to retire Paul Walker's character, Brian.
Brian dies in a car crash in November 2013, before filming on "Furious 7" was completed.
Producer James Wan says he would have refused to finish making the movie.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.89
Total generated tokens: 103, Total accepted tokens: 103, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Tejano star Selena, who died 20 years ago, is coming back in a big way: with a hologram-like figure. Billboard reports that the singer's family is creating a version of the singer that will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment" of her persona. "By no means is this something that's creepy or weird," her sister, Suzette Quintanilla, told Billboard. "We think it's something amazing. A lot of the new fans that did not get to experience what Selena was about hopefully will be able to get a sense of her with this new technology that's going to be coming out." Selena: 20 years after her death . The technology is being handled by Acrovirt LLC, a Nevada-based tech company. "Using detailed individual personalized functions spanning the mind, brain and body, the individual's Digitized Human Essence will autonomously learn and react on behalf of its human counterpart's," the company explained. The project is being called "Selena the One." Twenty years after she was killed by her fan club president, Selena remains incredibly popular, with her Facebook page recording 2 million likes and fans continuing to post videos and tributes. Selena will be the first figure to use the Acrovirt technology, Quintanilla said. "I'm excited at the fact that she will be the first ever, and the fact that she's a Latina makes it even more awesome," she said. "It's not about replacing Selena in any shape, way or form; it's just something to help her legacy continue growing." The family intends to expand her legacy in another way: with some new music. Selena the One "will release new songs and videos, will collaborate with current hit artists, and aims to go on tour in 2018," said a statement on Selena's Facebook page. Selena isn't the first performer to try the virtual route. A Michael Jackson hologram appeared at the Billboard Music Awards in 2014, and a hologram of Tupac Shakur performed at Coachella in 2012. But the new technology is a step forward, Quintanilla said. "People don't realize how fast technology is moving," she told Billboard. "This is something that we're building for another two to three years, so when 2018 comes around they'll be like, 'Oh, OK, we get it.' " Fans can join an Indiegogo campaign, www.selenatheone.com, to support the launch. The campaign, which hopes to raise $500,000, begins April 16. The commemorative Fiesta de la Flor in Corpus Christi, Texas -- which celebrates her life -- is scheduled for April 17 and 18. CNN's Katia Hetter contributed to this story.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tejano star Selena will be the first figure to use the Acrovirt technology.
The singer's family is creating a version of the singer that will be "walking, talking, singing and dancing digital embodiment"
The singer's Facebook page records 2 million likes and fans continue to post tributes.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.78
Total generated tokens: 104, Total accepted tokens: 104, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Gastrointestinal illness has gripped 100 people on the cruise ship Celebrity Infinity, according to a report from the Centers for Disease Control. Of the ship's 2,117 passengers, 95 have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms, the CDC said. The illness has also affected five members of the 964-person crew. The CDC has yet to determine what's causing the ailments. Two staffers from the agency are scheduled to meet the West Coast-based ship in San Diego on Monday. The Infinity left San Diego on March 29. It made its last stop in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, on April 10, according to MarineTraffic.com. Celebrity Cruises has been taking action since the outbreak began, including increasing cleaning and disinfection procedures, keeping passengers informed and taking specimens from the afflicted for testing by the CDC, the agency says. According to the Maritime Executive, this is the third time the Celebrity Infinity has suffered an outbreak of gastrointestinal illness, with others occurring in 2006 and 2013. The ship was built in 2001 and refurbished in 2011.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CDC: 95 people on ship have suffered from vomiting, diarrhea and other symptoms.
Ship left San Diego on March 29; made last stop in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, on April 10.
Celebrity Cruises has been taking action since outbreak began.
Thput (tok/s): 34.30 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 105, Total accepted tokens: 105, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)The original cast of Twin Peaks is backing David Lynch in his salary standoff with Showtime. The stars have teamed together for a video backing the show's co-creator with a #SaveTwinPeaks campaign that says doing the revival without Lynch is "like pies without cherries," among other nods to the original drama series. Sherilyn Fenn, Sheryl Lee, James Marshall, Peggy Lipton and other familiar faces from the series appear in the video. (Some members have also set up a Facebook page.) Showtime renews 'Shameless,' orders 'Happyish' to series . Lynch announced Sunday that he was exiting Showtime's nine-episode revival over a salary dispute. He originally signed on to direct the project but noted that there was "not enough money offered to do the script the way I felt needed to be done." Showtime already had a deal in place with Lynch and co-creator Mark Frost to bring back the cult hit with star Kyle MacLachlan for a run in 2016, with sources telling THR that the scripts had already been written. Showtime chief on 'Twin Peaks' plans, 'Homeland' backlash and free speech . For its part, Showtime noted that it "continues to hold out hope" that Twin Peaks can be brought back with both its creators at the helm. MacLachlan is the only cast member currently confirmed for the reboot. Lynch to leave 'Twin Peaks' reboot . ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: David Lynch announces he is leaving Showtime's Twin Peaks revival.
Lynch says he was not getting enough money to do the show the way he wanted.
Showtime has renewed the series and ordered "Happyish" to series.
Thput (tok/s): 34.36 +/- 0.76
Total generated tokens: 106, Total accepted tokens: 106, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A judge this week sentenced a former TSA agent to six months in jail for secretly videotaping a female co-worker while she was in the bathroom, prosecutors said. During the investigation, detectives with the Metro Nashville Police Department in Tennessee also found that the agent, 33-year-old Daniel Boykin, entered the woman's home multiple times, where he took videos, photos and other data. Police found more than 90 videos and 1,500 photos of the victim on Boykin's phone and computer. The victim filed a complaint after seeing images of herself on his phone last year. Boykin plead guilty to unlawful photography, aggravated burglary and violation of the computer act, the Nashville District Attorney's Office said. Police said the incident happened in a TSA-only restroom, and that there was no evidence public restrooms were targeted. A TSA official tells CNN that Boykin worked in an administrative capacity and didn't engage in public security screening. Assistant District Attorney Amy Hunter said this case was one of the worst invasion of privacy cases she's seen. "We are thankful that the sentence includes periodic confinement so that the sentence will hopefully make an impression on this defendant and others," Hunter said in a statement. The judge, Randall Wyatt, on Friday called the invasion of privacy "egregious." His sentence also includes five and a half years of probation, which will include GPS monitoring. Boykin was terminated last year when the investigation began. "TSA holds its employees to the highest ethical standards and has zero tolerance for misconduct in the workplace," TSA's Ross Feinstein said in a statement.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Daniel Boykin, 33, was a TSA agent.
Boykin pleaded guilty to unlawful photography, aggravated burglary.
Boykin was terminated last year when the investigation began.
Thput (tok/s): 34.35 +/- 0.70
Total generated tokens: 107, Total accepted tokens: 107, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Five young Chinese feminists, whose detention has provoked an international outcry, may face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. The women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou -- shortly before events they had planned for International Women's Day on March 8. Wang Qiushi, the lawyer for one of the women, Wei Tingting, said police had recommended on April 6 that prosecutors press charges of "assembling a crowd to disturb public order." Wang told CNN that prosecutors had to decide whether to pursue the charges within seven days of the submission -- by Monday. "We hope that the prosecutors will not approve a formal arrest warrant, following the laws and standing up to pressure," he said. "But nobody knows what to expect till Monday; we can do nothing but wait." The five were initially held on suspicion of "picking quarrels and provoking trouble." Wang said he didn't know why the charge against the women changed. "Neither should constitute a crime," he said. Campaign group Amnesty International said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum jail term of five years. "The women were doing nothing wrong, nothing illegal. They were simply calling for an end to sexual harassment," William Nee, China researcher at Amnesty International told CNN. "Everything they were doing was in line with China's own laws and policies." Wang said that Wei had been subject to lengthy cross examinations during her detention but was well the last time they met on March 31. Two of the women are said to be in poor health. He added that the charges relate both to the activities the women planned for International Women's Day and earlier campaigns against domestic violence and for more public toilets for women. The five -- who are members of China's Women's Rights Action Group -- had planned to hand out stickers printed with slogans saying "stop sexual harassment, let us stay safe" and "go police, go arrest those who committed sexual harassment!" on women's day. The detention of Wei, along with Wu Rongrong, Li Tingting, Wang Man and Zheng Churan has drawn harsh criticism from the international community. Protests have taken place in several cities, including Hong Kong, that urge Chinese officials to "free the five." A social media campaign also uses the phrase as a hashtag. On Monday, Hillary Clinton, former U.S. secretary of state, tweeted that the activists' detention was "inexcusable." Her comment drew a rebuke from Chinese authorities, who said public figures should respect China's sovereignty and independence. Maya Wang, China researcher at Human Rights Watch, said the activists were best known for their "performance art" style protests -- occupying public toilets to highlight long lines at women's restrooms, donning blood-spattered wedding gowns to protest domestic violence and shaving their heads to protest against barriers to higher education for women. "These activists epitomize the spirit of the times. They are young, confident, ready to challenge established norms," Wang said. As China prepares to mark the anniversary of landmark UN Fourth World Conference on Women in September, it will be hard for authorities to justify detaining the activists, she added.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Five young Chinese feminists face up to five years in prison over their campaign for gender equality.
Women were among detained on March 6 and March 7 in three Chinese cities.
Women were planning to hand out stickers saying "stop sexual harassment" on women's day.
Thput (tok/s): 34.27 +/- 0.69
Total generated tokens: 108, Total accepted tokens: 108, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Those poor fish must have been wondering what the heck was happening to them. The Oregon Parks and Recreation Department has reported that a section of a fiberglass boat 20 or 30 feet long was spotted off the state's coast this week and has been towed into harbor. The debris is suspected to be from the earthquake and tsunami that hit Japan on March 11, 2011. The boat fragment was found this week and towed to Newport, Oregon, where it is moored at a marina. Inside were found -- more than four years and 4,000 miles later, if officials' suspicions are correct -- some specimens of a variety of yellowtail jack fish normally found in Japanese waters. Biologists with the Oregon Coast Aquarium and Oregon State University's Hatfield Marine Science Center inspected the debris while it was still at sea and determined that the ecological threat posed by invasive species was small. The remnants of the boat will be dried out, inspected further and taken to a landfill. But for the yellowtail jack fish, the journey is not over. They'll be taken to the Oregon Coast Aquarium.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Oregon Coast Aquarium and Oregon State University's Hatfield Marine Science Center inspect the debris.
The boat fragment was found this week and towed to Newport, Oregon.
The yellowtail jack fish found in the debris are not native to Oregon waters.
Thput (tok/s): 34.41 +/- 0.76
Total generated tokens: 109, Total accepted tokens: 109, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Two Alabama college students are accused of gang raping a woman while on spring break at Florida's Panama City Beach. Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee, students at Troy University, were arrested and charged with sexual battery by multiple perpetrators, according to a statement from the Bay County, Florida, Sheriff's Office. The Troy, Alabama, Police Department found video of what appeared to be a Panama City gang rape during the course of an investigation into an unrelated shooting. The video was turned over to the Bay County Sheriff's Office. The Bay County Sheriff's Office Criminal Investigations Division has identified the victim in the video but said state law prevents the office from releasing any information about her. She was a visitor in Panama City. "We are not releasing her location or any additional information on victim to protect her from further trauma," said sheriff's spokesman Tommy Ford. After interviewing witnesses, Bay County investigators determined the alleged rape took place sometime from March 10, 2015, to March 12, 2015, behind Spinnaker Beach Club, a popular bar and dance club for spring breakers. A statement from Troy University confirmed the two men are current students. "The students have been placed on temporary suspension from school per the university's standards of conduct and disciplinary procedures. Martistee, a member of the track and field team, has also been removed from the team." The investigation continues and more arrests are expected, the Bay County Sheriff's Office said. Calhoun and Martistee will have their first court appearance Saturday morning, a Bay County deputy said. CNN could not determine if the men have attorneys.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ryan Calhoun and Delonte Martistee, students at Troy University, are charged.
Alleged rape took place sometime from March 10, 2015, to March 12, 2015.
Alleged rape took place behind Spinnaker Beach Club, a popular bar and dance club.
Alleged rape took place during the course of an unrelated investigation.
Thput (tok/s): 34.51 +/- 0.78
Total generated tokens: 110, Total accepted tokens: 110, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)"Star Wars" is once again back in our lives, the Burger-King couple helped us believe love can be found in fast food, and Mindy Kaling's brother had a shocking announcement. Those are just a few of the stories that trended this week. 1. 'Star Wars' streaming . The Force is with the streaming device of your choice, thanks to this week's surprise announcement that the entire "Star Wars" saga (so far, anyway) would be released on digital HD at the end of the week. Between this and the release of "Daredevil,"  we imagine lots of nerds called in sick on Friday. 2. Mindy Kaling's brother: I faked being black to get into medical school . Actress Mindy Kaling's brother says that he posed as a black man years ago to get into medical school and that the experience opened his eyes to what he calls the hypocrisy of affirmative action. Among those who disapprove of the book he's planning to write about the whole thing: his sister. 3. Farewell, Rosco . "Dukes of Hazzard" fans mourned the loss of actor James Best, best known as Hazzard County's hapless sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane, this week. Others who passed on: "L.A. Law" actor Richard Dysart and frequent Clint Eastwood co-star Geoffrey Lewis. 4. When Burger met King, it was love . Joel Burger is set to marry Ashley King in July, and when fast food giant Burger King got wind of the nuptials, the couple scored a free wedding. 5. Michelle Obama broke it down (again) The first lady's Let's Move campaign has featured her dancing on more than one occasion, but she brought the (White) House down on Monday with the "So You Think You Can Dance" all-stars during the Easter egg roll. 6. "The Vampire Diaries" crisis . Not since Zayn Malik announced that he was quitting One Direction has Twitter had such a meltdown: "Vampire Diaries" star Nina Dobrev is leaving the CW series. "Nothing will be the same again," one fan tweeted. Other things we loved: . More than 10 million people have seen Anne Hathaway's take on Miley Cyrus' "Wrecking Ball," complete with props, from Spike's hit show "Lip Sync Battle." Go, greased lightning! "Late Late Show" host and Tony winner James Corden put on "Grease" for Los Angeles drivers waiting in traffic. The cast of the movie "Suicide Squad," including Will Smith and Margot Robbie, assembled for the first time this week in a Twitter photo from director David Ayer. And no worries, future Joker Jared Leto was taking the photo (in an image inspired by classic comic book "The Killing Joke"). The comments are the whole reason to read this "Humans of New York" post on a woman named Beyonce.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Star Wars" streaming. The entire "Star Wars" saga would be released on digital HD at the end of the week.
Actress Mindy Kaling's brother says he posed as a black man years ago to get into medical school.
Actor James Best, best known as Hazzard County's sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane, dies.
Burger King couple scores free wedding after hearing about Ashley King's nuptials.
Thput (tok/s): 34.52 +/- 0.75
Total generated tokens: 111, Total accepted tokens: 111, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Irbil, Iraq (CNN)ISIS claimed it controlled part of Iraq's largest oil refinery Sunday, posting images online that purported to show the storming of the facility, fierce clashes and plumes of smoke rising above the contested site. The group said it launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday. By Sunday, ISIS said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings, but Iraqi government security officials denied that claim and insisted Iraqi forces remain in full control. CNN couldn't independently verify ISIS' claim. It wouldn't be the first time that militants and Iraqi forces have battled over the refinery, a key strategic resource that has long been a lucrative target because the facility refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically. If an attack damaged oil fields or machinery, it could have a significant impact. The refinery is just 40 kilometers (25 miles) from the northern Iraqi city of Tikrit, which Iraqi forces and Shiite militias wrested from ISIS less than two weeks ago. CNN's Jennifer Deaton and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Iraqi forces remain in full control of Baiji oil refinery.
NEW: CNN couldn't independently verify ISIS' claim.
The group said it launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday.
The refinery is just 40 kilometers (25 miles) from the northern Iraqi city of Tikrit.
Thput (tok/s): 34.61 +/- 0.77
Total generated tokens: 112, Total accepted tokens: 112, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Getting caught napping on the job is never good.  Getting caught napping on the job in the cargo hold of a plane takes it to a whole different level. Alaska Airlines Flight 448 was just barely on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Monday afternoon when the pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold. "There could be a person in there so we're going to come back around," he told air traffic control. The banging in the cargo hold did come from a person and he turned out to be a ramp agent from Menzies Aviation, a contractor for Alaska Airlines that handles loading the luggage, the airline said.  The man told authorities he had fallen asleep. It appears he was never in any danger. The cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled, the airline said. The plane was also only in the air for 14 minutes. The passengers knew something wasn't right, almost as soon as the plane took off. "All of a sudden we heard all this pounding underneath the plane and we thought there was something wrong with the landing gear," Robert Higgins told CNN affiliate KABC. The pounding grew louder. "At that point, we started hearing yelling, screams for help, very, very faint," Jamie Davis said.  "That's when we notified the flight attendant that there was somebody underneath us." As the banging continued, a federal air marshal sprang into action. "At some point, the marshal kind of made himself known," said Troi Ge.  "He started banging back, and he yelled really loud and said, 'We're getting ready to land, hold on to something.'" The emergency landing spooked the folks aboard Flight 448. Affiliate KOMO spoke to Marty Collins, another one of the passengers. "We just took off for L.A. regular and then ... about five minutes into the flight the captain came on and said we were going back and we'd land within five to seven minutes, and we did," Collins said. "When we landed was when all the trucks and the police and the fire trucks surrounded the plane." "I think it's scary and really unsafe, too," Chelsie Nieto told affiliate KCPQ. "Because what if it's someone who could have been a terrorist?" The ramp agent appeared to be in OK after the ordeal. He was taken to an area hospital as a precaution, the airline said. He passed a drug test and was discharged. The employee started work at 5 a.m. and his shift was scheduled to end at 2:30 p.m., just before the flight departed. "During a pre-departure huddle, the team lead noticed the employee was missing. The team lead called into the cargo hold for the employee and called and texted the employee's cell phone, but did not receive an answer. His co-workers believed he finished his shift and went home," the airline's blog said. Alaska Airlines said it's investigating.  The man had been on a four-person team loading baggage onto the flight. All ramp employees have security badges, and undergo full criminal background checks before being hired, according to the airline. After the delay, the flight with 170 passengers and six crew members on board made it to Los Angeles early Monday evening. CNN's Greg Morrison contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Alaska Airlines Flight 448 was on its way to Los Angeles from Seattle-Tacoma.
Pilot reported hearing unusual banging from the cargo hold.
Man told authorities he had fallen asleep; he was never in any danger.
Emergency landing spooked the folks aboard Flight 448.
Thput (tok/s): 34.54 +/- 0.78
Total generated tokens: 113, Total accepted tokens: 113, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)One year after it was perpetrated, the kidnapping of nearly 300 schoolgirls by a jihadist group in Nigeria remains a crime almost too horrifying to comprehend: Hundreds of teenaged girls, just finishing school, destined perhaps for significant achievement -- kidnapped, never to be seen again. "This crime has rightly caused outrage both in Nigeria and across the world," the country's President-elect, Muhammadu Buhari, said Tuesday in marking the anniversary. "Today is a time to reflect on the pain and suffering of the victims, their friends and families. Our thoughts and prayers, and that of the whole Nigerian nation, are with you today." The girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15, 2014, in the town of Chibok, in northeastern Nigeria, about a two-hour drive from the border with Cameroon. The Government Girls Secondary School had been closed for a month because of the danger posed by Boko Haram militants, who are opposed to Western education, particularly for girls. But students from several schools had been called in to take a final exam in physics. The militants stormed the school, arriving in a convoy of trucks and buses and engaging in a gun battle with school security guards. Then they forced the girls from their dormitories, loaded them into trucks and drove them into the forest. Most have never been seen since, except in a photograph in which they sat on the ground in a semi-circle, clad in Islamic dress. They were between 16 and 18 years old. Police said the militants kidnapped 276 girls in all. About 50 managed to escape soon after they were abducted. Those who did not, it is feared, may have been raped, brutalized, enslaved and forced to convert to Islam. Their parents were stricken with grief. The world was appalled. On Twitter, a hashtag began trending and spread around the world: #BringBackOurGirls. On Tuesday, Malala Yousafzai, the 17-year-old Pakistani girl who was shot in the face for speaking out in favor of girls' education, sent a message to the kidnapped girls. "I am one of the millions of people around the world who keep you and your families foremost in our thoughts and prayers," she wrote. "We cannot imagine the full extent of the horrors you have endured. But please know this: We will never forget you." One year later, a few things have changed. Each of the missing girls has had a birthday in captivity. Each is now a year older. Nigeria's current president, Goodluck Jonathan, was defeated in his campaign for re-election, in part, it is thought, because he failed to effectively combat Boko Haram. Buhari, the incoming president, has pledged an aggressive effort to wipe out the group. But much remains unchanged, as well. Boko Haram still controls swathes of northeastern Nigeria. According to UNICEF, 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes because of the conflict between the Nigerian military, civilian self-defense groups, and Boko Haram. Amnesty International says women and children continue to be abducted. And it says Boko Haram continues to kill in large numbers. Beyond that, more than 200 schoolgirls who had gathered one year ago to take their science exam are still missing.  Their families are still bereft. And Tuesday on Twitter, a hashtag was still trending: #BringBackOurGirls.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nigeria's President-elect: "Our thoughts and prayers, and that of the whole Nigerian nation"
The girls were abducted on the night of April 14-15, 2014.
About 50 managed to escape soon after they were abducted.
The world was appalled.
Thput (tok/s): 34.46 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 114, Total accepted tokens: 114, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A hooded angel with black wings appeared on Tuesday near the spot where Walter Scott was shot and killed by a police officer in North Charleston, South Carolina, on Saturday. Since then, it's been taken up as an icon of the Black Lives Matter movement. When protesters held the winged figure at a Wednesday morning rally outside North Charleston's City Hall, the artwork was widely photographed. Creator Phillip Hyman grew up in the neighborhood where Scott, an unarmed black man, was shot in the back several times by a white police officer on Saturday. Hyman now lives in another part of the city and couldn't stop thinking about it. He woke up about 3 a.m. a couple of days after Scott was killed and began searching for materials. "Art is really about that moment. I just couldn't take it any longer," he said. Hyman dug into the trash and found a piece of wood that was the perfect size. Then he picked up a can of black house paint and started making the reclaimed wood into a work of art. The 56-year-old said he crafted the artwork as a way of mourning with the family. "That's who all this should really be about, not about the propaganda and making it your own story," said Hyman, who talks quickly and passionately about his subject material. "Shooting him in the back and just the indignity of it all." The figure, painted black in mourning for the family, has wings because it's going to heaven, Hyman said. The man depicted in Hyman's piece is dressed in a hooded sweatsuit, though that's not what Scott was wearing when he was killed. Hyman said he prefers not to say too much about who the black angel figure is. People can look at the art and make their own interpretations, he said. "It's a statement of where we are in America today. It's relevant in Charleston, Ferguson, Florida, anywhere now." After Hyman put the piece up on Tuesday near where Scott was killed, he got a call from a local protester with the Black Lives Matter movement, which has staged protests around the country in the wake of high-profile deaths at the hands of police. The group asked for permission to use his artwork in its demonstrations at the North Charleston City Hall. Hyman was happy to oblige. Each day, the protesters call Hyman and he either carries the angel-winged artwork to the protest, or the protesters come over to his home to pick it up. "It's taken a life of its own, so I'm letting it do what it's supposed to do now," he said. Freelance photographer Joel Woodhall spotted the artwork and wondered where it came from. Woodhall, who lives in nearby Charleston, said the artwork made him feel sorrow for a life ended too soon. "It was very emotionally moving. It's beautiful," he told CNN. This isn't the first time Hyman has used artwork to effect change: He restored a local theater to its former glory. He commemorated Martin Luther King Jr.'s birthday by painting a mural in a bad neighborhood that needed light. Hyman's wife, Kay, says her husband always paints from the heart. "To see this recognized, he just goes into tears because it's very special to him."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hooded angel with black wings appears near spot where Walter Scott was shot.
Artist Phillip Hyman grew up in the neighborhood where Scott was shot.
Hyman says he crafted the artwork as a way of mourning with the family.
Hyman says he's seen the artwork taken up as an icon of the Black Lives Matter movement.
Thput (tok/s): 34.42 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 115, Total accepted tokens: 115, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)For more than four days, police say, a 21-year-old quadriplegic with cerebral palsy was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park with only a blanket and a Bible. The person responsible is the man's mother, who on Sunday faced a host of charges after allegedly abandoning her son and catching a bus to Maryland to see her boyfriend, said Philadelphia police Lt. John Walker. Low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week, and rain was reported in the area Wednesday and Thursday. The man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park, but Walker told reporters that the man's mother, whom he did not identify for CNN, left him there Monday morning. "Sometime at 11 a.m., the mother went to visit her boyfriend down in Maryland, over in Montgomery County, and we believe she placed the child into Cobbs Creeks Park," Walker said at a news conference. Walker told CNN the man was transported to Presbyterian Hospital, but CNN affiliates reported he was being treated at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. He suffered eye problems, dehydration, malnutrition and a cut to the back that has raised infection concerns, the lieutenant told reporters. "This kid's obviously a fighter," Walker said during a Saturday news conference. "It's just unbelievable how we found him out there last night. To see that kid laying there, it's heartbreaking to see another human, especially a mother, can treat someone like that." Officials at Philadelphia's School of the Future, which the man attends, became concerned when he didn't show up for classes and tried to contact his mother but eventually reached an aunt, CNN affiliate WPVI reported. When police tracked down the mother, she told them her son was with her, Walker said. "She indicated to both family members and the police officers that the child was with her down with her boyfriend in Maryland," he said. The boyfriend was not aware of what happened, Walker told CNN affiliate KYW-TV. The mother now stands charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, reckless endangerment of another person, neglect of a care-dependent person, unlawful restraint, kidnapping and false imprisonment, the station reported. Walker told reporters she bore "clear criminal liability in this case." Maryland police took her into custody on Sunday, and she will face the charges in Philadelphia following an extradition hearing, WPVI reported. There was no reason for the man to suffer, Walker told philly.com, because the mother had sisters willing to take care of him. Two of his aunts, who have tried to obtain guardianship of him, were staying with him at the hospital, police told the website. The mother has another child, a 16-year-old, who is also being taken care of by family members, WPVI reported. The mother's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation, Walker told reporters. Authorities are interested in learning more about "how this kid was cared for, and what actions were taken and providing of services by different agencies." CNN's Carma Hassan contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police: Man's mother left him in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park.
Mother, who is unable to communicate how she came to be in the park, left him.
Man was being treated at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
Mother now stands charged with aggravated assault, simple assault.
Thput (tok/s): 34.39 +/- 0.77
Total generated tokens: 116, Total accepted tokens: 116, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It was like a scene out of "Make Way for Ducklings" on Tuesday on a rainy street in Washington. CNN Situation Room correspondent Brian Todd and photojournalist Khalil Abdallah were on their way to interview a legal analyst on L Street NW when they happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir. Abdallah reports the ducklings and their mom had crossed heavily trafficked street, and some restaurant patrons stopped on the sidewalk to corral them. A man gave up his umbrella for the cause "while the mom was going crazy." "One duckling tried to run back to the street but they caught it in time," Abdallah said. The mother duck followed the umbrella while pedestrians stopped cars on L street for them to safely cross the road. The Washington Post reports the pedestrians took the bird family to "a more enclosed grassy area" at 16th and L streets NW. (Yes, baby ducks warrant two national news stories.) "We thought it was an extraordinary situation," Todd said. "You see pigeons, you see squirrels, you see the occasional raccoon in the D.C. area, and ... you  see deer ... We've never seen anything like this in the middle of town."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN correspondent and photojournalist on their way to interview a legal analyst.
They happened on a brood of baby ducks causing a stir on L Street NW.
Baby ducks crossed heavily trafficked street, and some restaurant patrons stopped.
Man gave up his umbrella for the cause "while the mom was going crazy"
Thput (tok/s): 34.43 +/- 0.77
Total generated tokens: 117, Total accepted tokens: 117, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Police added attempted murder to the list of charges against the mother of a quadriplegic man who was left in the woods for days, Philadelphia police spokeswoman Christine O'Brien said Tuesday. Nyia Parler cannot be extradited to face the charges in Philadelphia until she completes an unspecified "treatment," Maryland police said Monday. When she does arrive, she will be charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses, in addition to the attempted murder count, O'Brien said. The Montgomery County (Maryland) Department of Police took Parler, 41, into custody Sunday after Philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in Maryland. A man walking through the woods found him Friday "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket with a Bible and a wheelchair nearby," Philadelphia police say. Citing federal health care privacy laws, Montgomery County police spokesman Capt. Paul Starks said he could not divulge why Parler was receiving treatment, but he said she had to complete it before she could be extradited. She remained in treatment as of Tuesday morning, Starks told CNN. If she chooses not to challenge her extradition, she will be transported to Philadelphia once the treatment is complete, he said. For more than four days, police say, the quadriplegic man, who also suffers from cerebral palsy, was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park. Low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week, and rain was reported in the area Wednesday and Thursday. The man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park, but Philadelphia police Lt. John Walker told reporters that the man's mother left him there the morning of April 6. Starks identified the mother as Parler on Monday. "The mother went to visit her boyfriend down in Maryland, over in Montgomery County, and we believe she placed the child into Cobbs Creeks Park," Walker said at a news conference. Walker told CNN the man was transported to Presbyterian Hospital, but CNN affiliates reported he was being treated at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. He suffered eye problems, dehydration, malnutrition and a cut to his back that raised infection concerns, the lieutenant told reporters. "This kid's obviously a fighter," Walker said during a Saturday news conference. "It's just unbelievable how we found him out there last night. To see that kid laying there, it's heartbreaking to see another human, especially a mother, can treat someone like that." Officials at Philadelphia's School of the Future, which the man attends, became concerned when he didn't show up for classes last week and tried to contact his mother but eventually reached an aunt, Philadelphia police said. "The aunt was in contact via text message with Nyia throughout the week and when she expressed her concerns about the complainant, Nyia replied, 'We're OK,' which the aunt believed meant that the victim was with Nyia in Maryland," according to a police news release. When police tracked down the mother, she told them her son was with her, Walker said. "She indicated to both family members and the police officers that the child was with her down with her boyfriend in Maryland," he said. The boyfriend was not aware of what happened, Walker told CNN affiliate KYW-TV. Walker told reporters she bore "clear criminal liability in this case." There was no reason for the man to suffer, Walker told philly.com, because the mother had sisters willing to take care of him. Two of his aunts, who have tried to obtain guardianship of him, were staying with him at the hospital, police told the website. Parler's sister told police that Parler has another child, a 16-year-old. The mother's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation, Walker told reporters. Authorities are interested in learning more about "how this kid was cared for, and what actions were taken and providing of services by different agencies." CNN's Chuck Johnston and Carma Hassan contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nyia Parler, 41, was charged with attempted murder.
Parler left her son in the woods for days, police say.
Man, who suffers from cerebral palsy, was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park.
Parler was in Maryland when she left her son in the woods, police say.
Thput (tok/s): 34.38 +/- 0.77
Total generated tokens: 118, Total accepted tokens: 118, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)After a Russian fighter jet intercepted a U.S. reconnaissance plane in an "unsafe and unprofessional manner" earlier this week, the United States is complaining to Moscow about the incident. On Tuesday, a U.S. RC-135U was flying over the Baltic Sea when it was intercepted by a Russian SU-27 Flanker. The Pentagon said the incident occurred in international airspace north of Poland. The U.S. crew believed the Russian pilot's actions were "unsafe and unprofessional due to the aggressive maneuvers it performed in close proximity to their aircraft and its high rate of speed," Pentagon spokesman Mark Wright said. Russian state news agency Sputnik reported the U.S. plane was flying toward the Russian border with its transponder switched off, according to a Defense Ministry spokesman. Maj. Gen. Igor Konashenkov said the Russian jet flew around the U.S. plane several times to identify it and get its tail number. An official with the U.S. European Command said the claim that the transponder was off was false. Wright said the Pentagon and State Department will "file the appropriate petition through diplomatic channels" with Russia. This is not the first time the U.S. has complained about an incident involving a RC-135U and a SU-27.  A year ago, a Russian jet flew within 100 feet of a RC-135U over the Sea of Okhotsk in the western Pacific, according to U.S. officials who called it "one of the most dangerous close passes in decades." The Pentagon complained to the Russia military about that incident. Russian and U.S. aircraft often encounter each other, both in Northern Europe as well as the area between the Russian Far East and Alaska. CNN's Steve Brusk and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: U.S. aircraft intercepted by Russian fighter jet in "unsafe and unprofessional manner"
Russian jet identified U.S. plane and got its tail number, official says.
U.S. aircraft believed Russian pilot's actions were "unsafe and unprofessional"
U.S. aircraft believed Russian jet was flying too close to it.
Thput (tok/s): 34.42 +/- 0.77
Total generated tokens: 119, Total accepted tokens: 119, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The mother of a quadriplegic man who police say was left in the woods for days cannot be extradited to face charges in Philadelphia until she completes an unspecified "treatment," Maryland police said Monday. The Montgomery County (Maryland) Department of Police took Nyia Parler, 41, into custody Sunday after Philadelphia police reported that she left her 21-year-old son in the woods while she hopped a bus to see her boyfriend in Maryland. A man walking through the woods found him Friday "lying in leaves, covered in a blanket with a Bible and a wheelchair nearby," Philadelphia police say. Citing federal health care privacy laws, Montgomery County police spokesman Capt. Paul Starks said he could not divulge why Parler was receiving treatment, but he said she had to complete it before she could be extradited. She remained in treatment as of Tuesday morning, Starks told CNN. If she chooses not to challenge her extradition, she will be transported to Philadelphia once the treatment is complete, he said. For more than four days, police say, the quadriplegic man, who also suffers from cerebral palsy, was left lying in the woods of Philadelphia's Cobbs Creek Park. Low temperatures reached the mid-30s during the week, and rain was reported in the area Wednesday and Thursday. The man is unable to communicate how he came to be in the park, but Philadelphia police Lt. John Walker told reporters that the man's mother left him there the morning of April 6. Starks identified the mother as Parler on Monday. "The mother went to visit her boyfriend down in Maryland, over in Montgomery County, and we believe she placed the child into Cobbs Creeks Park," Walker said at a news conference. Walker told CNN the man was transported to Presbyterian Hospital, but CNN affiliates reported he was being treated at The Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. He suffered eye problems, dehydration, malnutrition and a cut to his back that raised infection concerns, the lieutenant told reporters. "This kid's obviously a fighter," Walker said during a Saturday news conference. "It's just unbelievable how we found him out there last night. To see that kid laying there, it's heartbreaking to see another human, especially a mother, can treat someone like that." Officials at Philadelphia's School of the Future, which the man attends, became concerned when he didn't show up for classes last week and tried to contact his mother but eventually reached an aunt, Philadelphia police said. "The aunt was in contact via text message with Nyia throughout the week and when she expressed her concerns about the complainant, Nyia replied, 'We're OK,' which the aunt believed meant that the victim was with Nyia in Maryland," according to a police news release. When police tracked down the mother, she told them her son was with her, Walker said. "She indicated to both family members and the police officers that the child was with her down with her boyfriend in Maryland," he said. The boyfriend was not aware of what happened, Walker told CNN affiliate KYW-TV. When she arrives in Philadelphia, the mother will stand charged with aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and related offenses, a Philadelphia police spokeswoman said. Walker told reporters she bore "clear criminal liability in this case." There was no reason for the man to suffer, Walker told philly.com, because the mother had sisters willing to take care of him. Two of his aunts, who have tried to obtain guardianship of him, were staying with him at the hospital, police told the website. Parler's sister told police that Parler has another child, a 16-year-old. The mother's arrest was only the beginning of the investigation, Walker told reporters. Authorities are interested in learning more about "how this kid was cared for, and what actions were taken and providing of services by different agencies." CNN's Chuck Johnston and Carma Hassan contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nyia Parler, 41, was in Maryland when she left her son in the woods.
Police say she left her son in the woods for days.
Parler is unable to communicate how she came to be in the park.
Thput (tok/s): 34.34 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 120, Total accepted tokens: 120, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A new Kansas law banning a common second-term abortion procedure is the first of its kind in the United States. The law, signed by Kansas Gov. Sam Brownback on Tuesday, bans what it describes as "dismemberment abortion" and defines as "knowingly dismembering a living unborn child and extracting such unborn child one piece at a time from the uterus." Supporters of the measure described it as a groundbreaking step, while opponents warned it was dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country. The law does not spell out a specific time frame that limits when an abortion can occur, but it bans the dilation and evacuation abortion procedure commonly used during the second trimester of pregnancy. The law allows for the procedure if "necessary to protect the life or health of the mother," according to a statement on Brownback's website. On Twitter, Brownback, a Republican, said he was proud to sign a law "protecting life at its most vulnerable stage." Planned Parenthood Advocates of Kansas and Mid-Missouri sharply criticized the move, which it described as the latest in a series of "extreme political measures aimed at denying women access to health care and at undermining their decision-making ability." "Kansas is now not only the sole state with this atrocious law; it also now has more restrictions on abortion than any state in the U.S.," the advocacy group said in a Facebook post. Both sides appear to be prepared to take their battle over such measures to other states -- and to court. Carol Tobias, the president of National Right to Life, said in a statement that the Kansas law was the first of what her organization hopes "will be many state laws." "This law has the power to transform the landscape of abortion policy in the United States," she said. Julie Burkhart,  CEO of Wichita-based South Wind Women's Center, said on Twitter that the signing of the law marked a sad day for Kansas and the United States. "This law puts women at risk and ties doctors' hands," she said. "We'll continue to fight!" CNN's Sam Stringer contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kansas law bans "dismemberment abortion," which is a second-term abortion.
Law bans dilation and evacuation abortion procedure commonly used during second trimester.
Law allows for procedure if "necessary to protect the life or health of the mother"
Opponents warn law is dangerous and among the most restrictive abortion laws in the country.
Thput (tok/s): 34.36 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 121, Total accepted tokens: 121, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The first daughter to be married from the hit reality show "19 Kids and Counting" has also become the first mother. People magazine reports that Jill (Duggar) Dillard gave birth Monday to a 9-pound, 10-ounce son she and husband Derick have named Israel David. Jill's parents, Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar, posted a video of the new family on their official Facebook page. The baby was a bit tardy, going past his due date by more than a week. Dillard, who is a student midwife, said she gave herself two due dates and was prepared for the wait. "I have told myself, 'First-time moms often go a week and a half over, so don't get discouraged,' " she told People. "When everyone else is asking you, 'When are you going to have that baby?' The baby will come when the baby comes." Dillard has a ways to go to catch up with her mother. Her super-sized family and their lives have been well-documented on their TLC series, including Jill and Derick's wedding on June 21. Eldest Duggar son Josh is already the father of three children, and his wife, Anna, is expecting their fourth in July.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jill Dillard, first daughter from "19 Kids and Counting," has a son.
Jill and husband Derick have named the boy Israel David.
Jill is a student midwife and has a ways to go to catch up with her mother.
Thput (tok/s): 34.40 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 122, Total accepted tokens: 122, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The killing of an employee at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, may have been a hate crime, authorities said Tuesday. Investigators are looking into the possibility, said Goldsboro police Sgt. Jeremy Sutton. He did not explain what may have made it a hate crime. The victim -- Ron Lane, whom officials said was a longtime employee and the school's print shop operator -- was white, as is the suspect. Lane's relatives said he was gay, CNN affiliate WNCN reported. The suspect, Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, worked with Lane as part of a work-study program, but was let go from the program in early March due to poor attendance, college President Kay Albertson said Tuesday. On Monday, Stancil walked into the print shop on the third floor of a campus building, aimed a pistol-grip shotgun and fired once, killing Lane, according to Sutton. Stancil has tattoos on his face. Sutton said investigators are looking into whether he is part of a white supremacist gang. He has no previous criminal record, authorities said. Sutton said Stancil fled on a motorcycle after the shooting and ultimately abandoned it in a highway median. Then, Stancil continued on to Daytona, Florida, but authorities don't know how he traveled, Sutton said. He was arrested just after 1 a.m. Tuesday, after he was found sleeping on a beach, about 550 miles (885 kilometers) from Goldsboro. Volusia County Beach Patrol had approached him for violating the city's ordinance against sleeping on the beach. He had a knife, police said. He was taken into custody without incident. Authorities in North Carolina expect to bring him back to face charges. Wayne Community College, a two-year school, has a student population of 3,837, according 2013 figures from the National Center for Education Statistics. Slightly more than half the students are part-time. Crime statistics from the center's website show no killings, assaults, robberies or motor vehicle thefts between 2011 and 2013. There were three arrests for illegal weapons possession in 2012 and three in 2013.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Wayne Community College employee killed in Goldsboro, North Carolina.
Ron Lane was a longtime employee and the school's print shop operator.
Suspect Kenneth Morgan Stancil III worked with Lane as part of a work-study program.
Police: Stancil fled on a motorcycle after the shooting and ultimately abandoned it.
Thput (tok/s): 34.41 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 123, Total accepted tokens: 123, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Irish betting company Paddy Power is backtracking after tweeting that "Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male." The tweet, a pun on the name of the famous home end at Liverpool Football Club, alluded to recent controversial incidents in the United States in which unarmed African-American men have been killed by police. Paddy Power -- well-known for its use of publicity stunts -- used it to link to a piece showing statistics for games between Liverpool and Newcastle United ahead of their English Premier League match on Monday. A Paddy Power spokesman told CNN before Liverpool's 2-0 victory at Anfield: "It was a joke, and no offense was meant." The tweet has since been deleted, but its removal -- along with the statement -- did little to placate social media users who condemned the organization, with some calling for the person who wrote the tweet to be sacked. In January, Paddy Power attracted headlines after backing David Ginola's failed candidacy for the presidency of world football's governing body. The former Paris Saint-Germain and Tottenham player could not persuade enough FIFA football associations to back his bid. He needed five to have any chance of unseating Sepp Blatter. Paddy Power started the funding for the candidacy, but its penchant for publicity stunts quickly led many people to dismiss Ginola's bid as another attempt to grab headlines. Paddy Power, the son of one the company's founders and its marketing spokesman, explained: "We've been known for some mischievous activity around the world. This is not that. This is for real." Last year, the company generated anger when it promised "money back if he walks" in relation to the trial of disgraced South African Paralympian Oscar Pistorius. Monday's win put Liverpool fifth in the table, four points behind defending champion Manchester City, which holds England's final European Champions League qualification spot with six games left to play this season. Young England forward Raheem Sterling, who has turned down a new contract, scored a fine solo goal in the first half, and midfielder Joe Allen's 70th-minute strike condemned 13th-placed Newcastle to a fifth successive league defeat. Newcastle, which had France international midfielder Moussa Sissoko sent off in the 83rd minute, has not won at Anfield since a 1-0 victory in the League Cup in November 1995.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Paddy Power tweets that Newcastle have suffered more Kop beatings over the last 20 years than an unarmed African-American male.
The tweet alludes to recent controversial incidents in the United States in which unarmed African-American men have been killed by police.
The tweet has since been deleted, but its removal did little to placate social media users who condemned the organization.
Thput (tok/s): 34.40 +/- 0.78
Total generated tokens: 124, Total accepted tokens: 124, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Desperate migrants from Africa and the Middle East keep heading to Europe, with 978 rescued Friday in the Mediterranean Sea, the Italian Coast Guard said Saturday via Twitter. The migrants were picked up 30 miles off the coast of Libya, said European Parliament member Matteo Salvini, the leader of Italy's far-right Northern League. In the first three months of 2015, Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving, the International Organization for Migration said, and about 2,000 were rescued at sea during the first weekend of April in the Channel of Sicily. Most migrants recorded this year come from countries in West Africa as well as Somalia and Syria, the IMO said. They use Libya as a country of transit. At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year, often because of bad weather and overcrowded vessels used by smugglers, the IMO said. Sometimes the captains and crews abandon the ships, leaving passengers to fend for themselves. At this time last year, there were fewer than 50 deaths reported, the IMO said. Most of the migrants are asylum seekers, victims of trafficking or violence, unaccompanied children and pregnant women.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Italy registers more than 10,000 migrants in first three months of 2015.
At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year.
Most migrants recorded this year come from countries in West Africa as well as Somalia and Syria.
Thput (tok/s): 34.43 +/- 0.78
Total generated tokens: 125, Total accepted tokens: 125, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)President Barack Obama says he is "absolutely committed to making sure" Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran. His comments to The New York Times, published on Sunday, come amid criticism from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of the deal that the United States and five other world powers struck with Iran. Tehran agreed to halt the country's nuclear ambitions, and in exchange, Western powers would drop sanctions that have hurt the Iran's economy. Obama said he understands and respects Netanyahu's stance that Israel is particularly vulnerable and doesn't "have the luxury of testing these propositions" in the deal. "But what I would say to them is that not only am I absolutely committed to making sure they maintain their qualitative military edge, and that they can deter any potential future attacks, but what I'm willing to do is to make the kinds of commitments that would give everybody in the neighborhood, including Iran, a clarity that if Israel were to be attacked by any state, that we would stand by them," Obama said. That, he said, should be "sufficient to take advantage of this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to see whether or not we can at least take the nuclear issue off the table," he said. The framework negotiators announced last week would see Iran reduce its centrifuges from 19,000 to 5,060, limit the extent to which uranium necessary for nuclear weapons can be enriched and increase inspections. The talks over a final draft are scheduled to continue until June 30. But Netanyahu and Republican critics in Congress have complained that Iran won't have to shut down its nuclear facilities and that the country's leadership isn't trustworthy enough for the inspections to be as valuable as Obama says they are. Obama said even if Iran can't be trusted, there's still a case to be made for the deal. "In fact, you could argue that if they are implacably opposed to us, all the more reason for us to want to have a deal in which we know what they're doing and that, for a long period of time, we can prevent them from having a nuclear weapon," Obama said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: President Obama says he is "absolutely committed to making sure" Israel maintains a military advantage over Iran.
Obama says he understands and respects Netanyahu's stance that Israel is particularly vulnerable.
Obama says he would make commitments that would give everybody in the neighborhood a sense of security.
Thput (tok/s): 34.43 +/- 0.77
Total generated tokens: 126, Total accepted tokens: 126, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)"Hamlet." "Romeo and Juliet." "A Midsummer Night's Dream." For centuries, these plays and three dozen more by William Shakespeare have formed history's most heralded literary canon. But now they may have to make room for an addition to Shakespeare's famous oeuvre. New research indicates that "Double Falsehood," a play first published in 1728 by Lewis Theobald, was actually written more than a century earlier by Shakespeare himself with help from his friend John Fletcher. The findings were published this week by two scholars who used computer software to analyze the writings of the three men and compare it with the language of the "newer" play. "The match between the 'Double Falsehood' play and Shakespeare was a landslide. It was shockingly clear," said Ryan L. Boyd, a researcher at the University of Texas at Austin. The study, co-authored by Boyd and UT colleague James W. Pennebaker, was published in the journal Psychological Science. "There's very little wiggle room to interpret the numbers any differently." Boyd said he and Pennebaker analyzed 33 plays by Shakespeare, nine by Fletcher and 12 by Theobald to create a "psychological signature" of each author based on word choices, phrase patterns and other factors. They compared those profiles to the language in "Double Falsehood" and determined that the play's first half was almost entirely written by Shakespeare, though the second half appeared to be split evenly between Shakespeare and Fletcher. Only tiny traces of Theobald's signature were found. "We're certainly not suggesting that Theobald didn't make edits," Boyd told CNN. "But he clearly did not write it." "Double Falsehood," also known as "The Distressed Lovers," is based on the "Cardenio" section of Don Quixote, the classic 17th-century novel by Miguel de Cervantes. Set in Spain, the play revolves around the romantic entanglements of two brothers: one virtuous, one sinful. Theobald said he based the play on three original manuscripts he had discovered, all of them written by Shakespeare. But many scholars have long dismissed the play as a fake, suspecting that Theobald tried to pass the Bard's work off as his own. Shakespeare, who died in 1616, wrote most of his published plays between 1590 and 1612. British publishers Arden Shakespeare published "Double Falsehood" in 2010 -- for the first time in 250 years -- amid renewed claims by experts that it was Shakespeare's work. But the new study by Boyd and Pennebaker, the first to analyze the writings from a psychological perspective, may settle the matter once and for all. Shakespearean scholar Brean Hammond, professor of modern English literature at Nottingham University in the UK, praised the Texas study for its scientific approach. Hammond said Boyd and Pennebaker "have got no dogs in the fight. They're not literary scholars, (so) their work could be seen as more objective than some of the literary studies." Hammond studied "Double Falsehood's" authorship from a literary perspective five years ago and found Shakespeare's DNA evident in the play. But he doubts the new research will put the matter entirely to rest. "Those people who don't believe the play was written by Shakespeare aren't going to just lay down and die," he said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Double Falsehood" was first published in 1728 by Lewis Theobald.
New research indicates it was actually written more than a century earlier by Shakespeare.
The findings were published this week by two scholars.
The play is based on the "Cardenio" section of Don Quixote.
Thput (tok/s): 34.41 +/- 0.76
Total generated tokens: 127, Total accepted tokens: 127, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Nairobi, Kenya  (CNN)Kenya froze dozens of accounts linked to suspected terror supporters after militants massacred 147 people last week at a university in Garissa. The government is tracking the finances of people suspected of ties to Al-Shabaab, the militant group that claimed responsibility for the Thursday attack. So far, the government has frozen 86 accounts, but that number could go up, said Mwenda Njoka, a spokesman for the  Interior Ministry. The government has tracked supporters of the terror group since 2011, and efforts to freeze their assets have gone on since then. It has a list of suspects from various parts of the country, but mostly in Nairobi and Mombasa, he said. Kenyans mourned the victims of the attack Tuesday night at Nairobi's Uhuru Park, where hundreds gathered. Organizers unloaded 147 crosses, some draped with the nation's flag, as candles flickered in the dark. Of the fatalities, 142 were students at the university, and the rest were security forces and campus security. "I can't even look at pictures of the people killed without crying," said Mary Wambui, 32, who lives in Nakuru, hundreds of miles from Garissa. "They were just children. They were trying to make a better life for themselves. Some were first to go to college in their communities. They died trying to get an education." Using the hashtag #147notjustanumber, Kenyans used social media to talk about the lives of the victims. They shared pictures of beaming faces, full of life and energy, in happier days. They talked about parents too shocked to speak after identifying their children's bodies. Some students remain unaccounted for, and wailing relatives alternate their searches between hospitals and morgues. Kenyan authorities have not released the names of the victims. Kenyan authorities had prior intelligence that a university in Garissa could be attacked, yet the country's rapid response team was stuck in Nairobi for hours after the massacre awaiting transport, a police source said Monday. The frozen accounts is the latest in a series of actions as the government faced heavy criticism for the siege, which lasted hours. A spokesman for President Uhuru Kenyatta said authorities "got the job done" and saved lives. The university had about 800 students. "With the benefit of hindsight, you can always say things could have been done better,"  Manoah Esipisu said. Kenya also launched airstrikes Monday targeting Al-Shabaab's training camps in Somalia, according to a military source, who said they were not retaliation for last week's massacre. "The latest attack of Al-Shabaab bases by the Kenya military is part of the ongoing operations that started in 2011,"  the source said Monday. Kenya has also offered 20 million Kenyan shillings, or about $215,000, for information on the whereabouts of Mohamed Mohamud, who allegedly organized the attack. Mohamud is a senior Al-Shabaab leader known by the aliases Dulyadin and Gamadhere, authorities said. Al-Shabaab is based in Somalia, and its violence has spread to Kenya before.  In 2013, militants attacked Nairobi's upscale Westgate Mall, leaving 67 people dead. The terror group has intensified attacks in Kenya since the country sent troops to Somalia four years ago to help battle the militants. CNN's Joseph Netto reported from Nairobi, and Faith Karimi reported and wrote from Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kenyans mourn the victims of the attack Tuesday night at Nairobi's Uhuru Park.
Organizers unloaded 147 crosses, some draped with the nation's flag, as candles flickered.
Kenyans used social media to talk about the lives of the victims.
Kenya has frozen 86 accounts, but that number could go up.
Thput (tok/s): 34.39 +/- 0.75
Total generated tokens: 128, Total accepted tokens: 128, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Jodi Arias was sentenced to life in prison Monday for the gruesome 2008 murder of her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander. Maricopa County Judge Sherry Stephens could have sentenced Arias to life with the possibility of early release after 25 years, but decided the convicted killer should spend the rest of her life behind bars. Before her sentence was handed down, Arias expressed remorse for her actions. "To this day I can't believe that I was capable of doing something that terrible," Arias said. "I'm truly disgusted and repulsed with myself. I'm horrified because of what I did, and I wish there was some way I could take it back." Earlier, Travis Alexander's sisters gave their victim impact statements. Hillary Alexander said she's trying to block her brother from her life. "I don't want to remember him anymore, because it hurts too much to remember him alive. ... I remember how he was brutally taken from us and I can't handle it. This is what I've had to do so I can cope," she said through tears. Arias, 34, was found guilty of first-degree murder in May 2013. The jury that convicted her found the murder was especially cruel, making Arias eligible for the death penalty. However, that same jury was unable to reach a unanimous decision on whether she should live or die. A new jury was empanelled in October 2014 to decide Arias' fate, but they, too, were unable to reach a unanimous decision. Because a second jury was deadlocked in the penalty phase of Arias' case, the death penalty was taken off the table, leaving Arias' sentence up to the judge. Arias will serve her sentence at the Lumley Unit in the Arizona State Prison Complex-Perryville near Goodyear, Arizona.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jodi Arias was found guilty of first-degree murder in May 2013.
Arias expressed remorse for her actions.
Travis Alexander's sisters gave their victim impact statements.
Thput (tok/s): 34.38 +/- 0.74
Total generated tokens: 129, Total accepted tokens: 129, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Malala Yousafzai's stellar career has included a Nobel Peace Prize. Last week, she made it into outer space. A NASA astrophysicist has named an asteroid after the teenage education activist from Pakistan, who was gravely wounded by a Pakistani Taliban gunman for promoting the right of girls' to go to school. It took a meticulous medical response to save her life more than two years ago. But Malala recovered with no serious neurological damage to become a powerhouse for her cause. After reading her story, scientist Amy Mainzer, who also consults for PBS on a children's educational science show, decided Malala deserved to be immortalized. So, she attached her name to the heavens. Thousands of asteroids swarm through the solar system mainly between Mars and Jupiter. Mainzer, working at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, discovered Asteroid 316201 in June 2010, which gave her the right to name it. "My postdoctoral fellow Dr. Carrie Nugent brought to my attention the fact that although many asteroids have been named, very few have been named to honor the contributions of women (and particularly women of color)," Mainzer wrote in a note to Malala. Mainzer gave it the name 316201 Malala, or 2010 ML48. Malala's asteroid circles the sun between Mars and Jupiter every five and half years, Mainzer said. "It is about 4 kilometers in diameter, and its surface is very dark, the color of printer toner." As a scientist, her support for Malala's work is logical. When girls around the world also get educations, it increases human potential. "We desperately need the brainpower of all smart people to solve some of humanity's most difficult problems, and we can't afford to reject half the population's," Mainzer wrote.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Malala Yousafzai was gravely wounded by a Pakistani Taliban gunman for promoting girls' education.
She recovered with no serious neurological damage to become a powerhouse for her cause.
A NASA astrophysicist has named an asteroid after the teenage education activist from Pakistan.
Thput (tok/s): 34.38 +/- 0.73
Total generated tokens: 130, Total accepted tokens: 130, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Emy Afalava is a loyal American and decorated veteran.  He was born in American Samoa, a U.S. territory since 1900. He has been subject to American law his whole life and thinks he should be a citizen. The Constitution would agree.  The Fourteenth Amendment declares that "All persons born ... in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States." Yet, Afalava has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists that he is no citizen.  How can it be, in the 21st century, that Americans born on U.S. soil are denied the rights of citizenship? That injustice clouds the recent celebration of the 115th anniversary of the decision of American Samoa to join the United States.  It is a wrong that Afalava and other American Samoans are now seeking to right in a federal lawsuit before the D.C. Circuit. A decision could come any day. Since the United States was established, it adhered to the rule that those born on U.S. lands were U.S. citizens.  The rule is colorblind, yet the only exception that the Supreme Court has ever declared was not. The infamous Dred Scott case legitimized slavery as it declared that free African-Americans had "no rights that the white man was bound to respect."  Though they were Americans, they were not citizens under the Constitution. A Civil War later, the 14th Amendment reversed the ruling in the Dred Scott case. Today, the Dred Scott case has come to be regarded as one of the worst decisions in the history of the Supreme Court. But racial discrimination didn't end there. In 1904, a Puerto Rican woman named Isabel Gonzalez sailed for New York.  Because Puerto Rico was U.S. territory, she believed herself to be a U.S. citizen.  But officials at Ellis Island labeled her an undesirable alien and prevented her from entering the mainland.  She sued, with some reason to hope for a favorable ruling. Yet the Supreme Court that eventually heard Gonzalez's case was still racist.  In preceding years, for example, it had permitted a flat ban on naturalizing anyone of the Chinese race. And, in a case addressing the status of recently acquired island territories such as Puerto Rico, the justices had cited the alleged racial inferiority of tropical peoples as reason to treat these lands as second-class U.S. territories.  Justice Edward Douglas White's opinion stated that U.S. sovereignty extended over them, but that their residents did not hold the same constitutional rights as other Americans.  He did so, he privately revealed, because "he was much preoccupied by the danger of racial and social questions." In the Gonzalez case, the justices agreed unanimously that Puerto Ricans were not aliens and thus not subject to immigration laws.  But they declined to decide whether or not Gonzalez was a citizen.  Though preoccupied by fears that islanders were "savages" and racially unfit for citizenship, they were unwilling to violate the Constitution. As a result of the court ruling, federal officials were able to deny Gonzalez and others the full panoply of rights conferred on citizens for years. As Isabel Gonzalez's lawyer told the Court, declaring that residents of America's island territories are not U.S. citizens would mean adding to "precedents in our history of which we are least proud." Those precedents, he warned the Court, had been "repudiated by the American people in the Civil War, by three amendments to the Constitution of the United States, by this court, and by ... advancing civilization." Surely, 147 years after the Dred Scott case was overturned, the time has come to put an end to this farce. In the past century, the inhabitants of every other U.S. island territory have become citizens. Today, Emy Afalava and his fellow American Samoans are the last Americans still waiting to become citizens.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Emy Afalava is a decorated veteran from American Samoa.
He has been denied the right to vote because the federal government insists he is no citizen.
Afalava and other American Samoans are now seeking to right this wrong in a federal lawsuit.
The U.S. adhered to the rule that those born on U.S. lands were U.S. citizens.
Thput (tok/s): 34.36 +/- 0.73
Total generated tokens: 131, Total accepted tokens: 131, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Over the last year more than 25,000 people, a population about the size of Key West, Florida, have fought Ebola infections. More than 10,000 have not survived. But for those who have survived, life will never be the same. And even for those who did not experience Ebola personally, the "most severe public health emergency seen in modern times" showed the world its vulnerability to disease. It revealed real flaws in government systems that are supposed to protect us. While the intensity of the largest Ebola epidemic in history has died down, and the initial dire predictions that there would be over a million infections by January never came true, dozens are still newly infected each week. The latest World Health Organization Report confirmed a total of 30 new confirmed cases of Ebola were reported in the week of April 5. This is the lowest weekly total since May 2014. But reports are mixed on stopping the virus completely: In Liberia and Sierra Leone, the number of cases has fallen so much, there are more treatment facilities than demand. WHO in Liberia is in the process of decommissioning surplus facilities. But in Guinea, of the 19 confirmed deaths from April 5, seven were only identified as Ebola post-mortem and there were reports of 21 unsafe burials. "Taken together these data indicate that though surveillance is improving, unknown chains of transmission could be a source of new infections in the coming weeks," the latest WHO report said. Click on the photos above to learn how a grave digger, a first responder, and many others have changed in the wake of Ebola.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: More than 25,000 people have died of Ebola in the last year.
More than 10,000 have not survived.
WHO says Liberia and Sierra Leone have more treatment facilities than demand.
WHO says Guinea has more deaths than safe burials.
Thput (tok/s): 34.37 +/- 0.72
Total generated tokens: 132, Total accepted tokens: 132, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)No prostitutes. No ifs, ands or buts -- and yes, that includes when and where prostitution is perfectly legal. That was the message Friday from Attorney General Eric Holder to members of the U.S. Justice Department, which includes the FBI, U.S. Marshals Service, Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and other agencies. "The solicitation of prostitution threatens the core mission of the department," Holder wrote in a memo to all personnel in the department he heads. "... Regardless of whether prostitution is legal or tolerated in a particular jurisdiction, soliciting prostitutes creates a greater demand for human trafficking and a consequent increase in the number of minor and adult persons trafficked into commercial sex slavery." Holder doesn't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo. Nor is he dictating a new policy; the attorney general said only that he wanted "to reiterate to all department personnel, including attorneys and law enforcement officers, that they are prohibited from soliciting, procuring or accepting commercial sex." Agents behaving badly overseas . The directive comes a few weeks after a Justice Department inspector general report found DEA agents in foreign postings attended sex parties with prostitutes paid for by drug cartels, among other indiscretions. That report, by department Inspector General Michael Horowitz, cited light punishments and poor handling of sexual misconduct cases at DEA and other Justice Department agencies. Justice Department employees don't have a monopoly on such stories: In 2012, a group of agents and officers in the Secret Service -- which is part of the Department of Homeland Security -- and officers sent to Colombia ahead of President Barack Obama were relieved of duty and returned home amid allegations of misconduct that involved prostitution. That prostitute visit was arranged for by a DEA agent stationed in Colombia, according to Horowitz's office. If someone from the ATF, FBI, Federal Bureau of Prisons or a federal prosecutor is caught with a prostitute they'll be suspended or fired, according to Holder's memo. "This rule applies at all times during an individual's employment, including while off duty or on personal leave."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Attorney General Eric Holder: Soliciting prostitutes creates demand for human trafficking.
He says agents should not solicit, procure or accept commercial sex.
He doesn't mention specific cases of federal agents and prostitution in his memo.
Thput (tok/s): 34.36 +/- 0.71
Total generated tokens: 133, Total accepted tokens: 133, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The new emojis are here! On Thursday, Apple released a new version of its mobile operating system that includes more diversity than ever when it comes to the race, ethnicity and sexual orientation of its emojis -- those cute little images that users can insert into text messages or emails when words alone just won't cut it. The reaction to this new lineup is, as should be expected with almost anything new in today's hypersensitive climate, a range of cheers and jeers. Why is any of this important, you may ask? For many, these images are far more than tiny clip art for texting. Rather they are seen as recognition that their own ethnicity, sexual orientation, race or even hair color is part of mainstream America -- despite what others might say. This matters in a digital age where texting is how most people communicate and represent themselves dozens -- if not hundreds -- of times every day. Think receiving a text of an image of a person smiling. Or more accurately, think of a white face smiling because up until Thursday's update, all the emojis had pale skin. But that has all changed. Now there's a range of emoji skin tones to pick from, including yellow, brown and black.  I'm sure few people will be upset with this development. But how about in December? Why? Now that will be able to choose the skin tones for each human emoji, and that will also include ... Santa Claus. That shrieking sound you may have heard was from Fox News' Megyn Kelly, who famously stated in 2013 that Santa Claus is absolutely, definitely and without a doubt a white guy.  In fact, thanks to Apple, we may even see Brown Santa emojis this December. (Could that mean he's a Muslim Santa?! Cue even more shrieking from Fox News.) There is more. Apple has now given us gay and lesbian couple emojis, kissing with a heart over their heads. This inclusiveness was cheered by at least one gay news service on Twitter. It's not yet clear if a person who likes to use same-sex kissing emoji couples can be denied service by a person who objects on grounds of "religious liberty." But it would be interesting to hear what any of the 2016 GOP presidential candidates might have to say about "gay emojis." And I would predict some conservative will claim that the kissing gay emojis will turn children gay. The fact is, when you embrace diversity, you will still leave out other minority groups. Redheads, for example, are pretty pissed off because there are no emojis featuring their hair color. In fact, supporters of a redheaded emoji have started a petition that has already garnered several thousand signatures. Even expanding the flags represented by emojis, as Apple has done, comes at some peril. Apparently Canada is overjoyed that finally Apple has included it. But Armenians are not happy they were left out. I must admit that being partially of Palestinian heritage, it's heartening to see that despite the fact that some refuse to recognize a Palestinian state, Apple has chosen to now include a Palestinian flag emoji. Armenia, I feel your pain. Of course the bigger question in the whole diverse-emoji issue is: What took Apple so long? How hard could it have been to add different skin colors to pick from? That the company (finally) did is a step in the right direction: America's demographics are changing, so our representations of who we are -- even representations as tiny as emojis -- should reflect this. Apple has "evolved" in showing diversity -- from brown people to same-sex couples. Maybe "religious liberty" conservatives who discriminate will follow.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Apple has released a new version of its mobile operating system.
The new emojis are more diverse than ever when it comes to race, ethnicity and sexual orientation.
Apple has now given us gay and lesbian couple emojis, kissing with a heart over their heads.
Thput (tok/s): 34.32 +/- 0.73
Total generated tokens: 134, Total accepted tokens: 134, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)In 2013, "The Bible" broke ratings records on the History Channel, so of course, a sequel was ordered up -- and this one is on NBC. The new miniseries from Mark Burnett and Roma Downey is one of six shows to watch this week. 1. "A.D. The Bible Continues," 9 p.m. ET Sunday, NBC . Just in time for Easter, the peacock network debuts the "Bible" sequel, picking up with Jesus' resurrection and following the early days of Christianity. NBC scored on picking up the follow-up to the smash cable hit, starring Juan Pablo Di Pace as Jesus and Greta Scacchi as Mary (replacing Downey in the role). The full miniseries will run for 12 weeks, so consider it a spring revival. 2. "Mad Men," 9 p.m. Sunday, AMC . We've arrived at the end, "Mad Men" fans. This is the first of the last several episodes, where we'll learn the fate of Don Draper and the cast of characters. Click here for more on "Mad Men." 3. "American Odyssey," 10 p.m. Sunday, NBC . Anna Friel ("Pushing Daisies") stars as a special forces translator in Mali who is believed to be dead by those back in the States. On the show, she struggles to get back home, while we discover how she ended up how she did. 4. "Louie," 10:30 Thursday, FX . Louis C.K.'s critically-acclaimed comedy is back for a fifth season. Will Louie continue to offend people in his life? All signs point to yes. Is Louie still dating his best friend-turned-girlfriend, Pamela? We'll have to tune into find out. 5. "The Comedians," 10 p.m. Thursday, FX . Billy Crystal returns to television, with co-star Josh Gad, as two people starring in an FX comedy. It's a meta mockumentary about the making of a comedy show. "Seinfeld" and "Curb Your Enthusiasm's" Larry Charles is among the producers. 6. "Marvel's Daredevil," Friday, Netflix . This ain't Ben Affleck's movie. Now that Marvel has the rights to the "Man Without Fear" back, they've decided to launch several series for Netflix, starting with this dark, gritty drama about blind lawyer Matt Murdock, and his moonlighting as a costumed avenger (no pun intended).<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "A.D. The Bible Continues" is a new miniseries on NBC.
The show is a sequel to the smash cable hit "The Bible"
"Mad Men" is the first of the last several episodes of the show.
"American Odyssey" is a new miniseries on NBC.
Thput (tok/s): 34.32 +/- 0.72
Total generated tokens: 135, Total accepted tokens: 135, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: London (CNN)The Pentagon released a map this week showing coalition forces have taken back 25-30% of Iraqi territory seized by ISIS. The map, above, shows gains in key central and northern areas of Iraq where the terror group was previously the dominant force. The gains made in the fight against the terror group by Iraqi security forces and coalition air power certainly look impressive -- although as the U.S. Department of Defense acknowledges it's a dynamic conflict and territory can change hands depending on "daily fluctuations in the battle lines." So, how exactly should we read this information? What does it say about the wider fight against ISIS? CNN asked Afzal Ashraf, a counterinsurgency specialist and consulting fellow at the Royal United Services Institute to give us a steer on what this new data tells us about the fight against ISIS in Iraq. Below is an edited version of the conversation. CNN: So, is the tide turning in Iraq -- is the coalition winning? Afzal Ashraf: When it comes to insurgencies it's always problematic to think about the tide turning in terms of territorial gains because insurgencies by their very nature are extremely good at adapting to change. The one difference between ISIS and insurgencies in general is that ISIS declared itself a state, a caliphate once had territory so any loss is very strategic loss of prestige and image for them. (There have been) significant gains against ISIS -- particularly in Tikrit -- and it's no coincidence we've seen ISIS make spectacular attacks in refugee centers in Syria. It's asymmetric warfare, they know they cannot hold conventional force back for very long so what they do is they withdraw ... then take initiative elsewhere. They have to distract attention from those losses by gains and attacks elsewhere. It continues their image of initiative, of shocking, of reshaping the world -- which is what they are trying to do. CNN: What does the map tell us about the coalition's strategy? AA: It's very telling. There are losses but most of the losses are around the edges of their territory and what that means is a very conventional push forward by the Iraqi forces. It's a push against the front line of ISIS rather than being brave and creative and going in behind ISIS's lines and breaking it up. What this isn't is using maneuverist warfare -- which is a military philosophy that exploits the capabilities of conventional forces to project power by using air forces to take land along main supply routes and put friendly forces on that land to cut land into chunks which causes massive disruption to command and control and their supply chains which can cause forces to collapse much more rapidly than a frontal push. The capability you need (for this kind of warfare) is much more high-tech than the capabilities the Iraqis have. Those capabilities are available in the region -- Jordanians, Egyptians and other forces have helicopters and aircraft -- and it's very interesting that the Middle Eastern nations have not developed an effective coalition to target ISIS which is an existential threat. CNN: What about Ramadi? ISIS seems to be winning there. AA: Ramadi has been a potential battlefield for the past decade. But in this context (ISIS) will ... be pushing in Ramadi because that's an area they have lots of support. It also diverts their attention away from losses to their gains. The concept of success is hugely important to them -- it's what sustains the recruitment effort of ISIS. Nobody wants to join a bunch of losers, so it's very important for them to be seen to be succeeding. Above all this is a rhetorical war that is being fought deliberately in the media. They are losing so of course they are going to try to distract us by destroying ancient statues in Nimrud and killing refugees in camps like Yarmouk. But where it counts they are not standing and fighting.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: U.S. Department of Defense acknowledges it's a dynamic conflict.
NEW: Gains made in the fight against the terror group by Iraqi security forces.
NEW: Coalition air power certainly looks impressive.
NEW: What does the map tell us about the coalition's strategy?
Thput (tok/s): 34.28 +/- 0.75
Total generated tokens: 136, Total accepted tokens: 136, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Arsenal kept their slim hopes of winning this season's English Premier League title alive by beating relegation threatened Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor. A first half goal from Welsh international Aaron Ramsey was enough to separate the two sides and secure Arsenal's hold on second place. More importantly it took the north London club to within four points of first placed Chelsea, with the two clubs to play next week. But Chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly Queens Park Rangers on Sunday, a team who are themselves struggling against relegation. Good form . Arsenal have been in superb form since the start of the year, transforming what looked to be another mediocre season struggling to secure fourth place -- and with it Champions League qualification -- into one where they at least have a shot at winning the title. After going ahead, Arsenal rarely looked in any danger of conceding, showing more of the midfield pragmatism epitomized by the likes of Francis Coquelin, who also played a crucial role in the goal. "He has been absolutely consistent in the quality of his defensive work," Arsenal coach Arsene Wenger told Sky Sports after the game when asked about Coquelin's contribution to Arsenal's current run. They have won eight games in a  row since introducing the previously overlooked young Frenchman into a more defensive midfield position. "He was a player who was with us for seven years, from 17, he's now just 24," Wenger explained. "Sometimes you have to be patient. I am very happy for him because he has shown great mental strength." Now all eyes will be on next week's clash between Arsenal and Chelsea which will likely decide the title. "They have the games in hand," said Wenger, playing down his club's title aspirations. "But we'll keep going and that's why the win was so important for us today." Relegation dogfight . Meanwhile it was a good day for teams at the bottom of the league. Aston Villa continued their good form since appointing coach Tim Sherwood with a 1-0 victory over Tottenham, who fired Sherwood last season. Belgian international Christian Benteke scored the only goal of the game, his eighth in six matches, to secure a vital three points to give the Midlands club breathing space. Another Midlands club looking over their shoulder is West Brom, who conceded an injury time goal to lose 3-2 against bottom club Leicester City. But it was an awful day for Sunderland's former Dutch international coach Dick Advocaat, who saw his team lose 4-1 at home against form team Crystal Palace. Democratic Republic of Congo international Yannick Bolasie scored Crystal Palace's first ever hat trick in the Premier League to secure an easy victory.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Arsenal keep their slim hopes of winning the Premier League title alive by beating Burnley 1-0 at Turf Moor.
The win sees Arsenal within four points of first placed Chelsea, who play Queens Park Rangers next week.
Chelsea have two games in hand and play lowly Queens Park Rangers on Sunday.
Thput (tok/s): 34.27 +/- 0.74
Total generated tokens: 137, Total accepted tokens: 137, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)I'm haunted by the video of Officer Michael Slager firing eight shots at Walter Scott as he fled his encounter with North Charleston police -- his back turned to the officer. What I find more disturbing is how the officer cuffs the fallen Scott and allows him to die face-down in the dirt while Slager appears to plant an item next to his body. I understand why people are skeptical of self-defense claims -- especially from law enforcement. If not for the video taken by a bystander, I can't help but think that this story would be shuttered behind the wall of an active investigation. As a defense attorney, I am more sensitive than anyone to the assumption of innocence for those accused of a crime, but this single piece of evidence -- a video of a man shot in the back while in full retreat -- defies any reasonable explanation. Thank God there was a camera. It will help ensure that justice will be served in this case. However, there is another camera that -- had it been deployed -- might have prevented the entire tragedy: a police body camera. Throughout the entire encounter with Scott, it's clear Slager had no idea someone was filming him. Had he known there would be video of his every move, would he have drawn his weapon on a fleeing man?  Would he have fired?  Eight times?  Would he have misrepresented the encounter on his police report? Of course not. If Slager had been wearing a body camera, Scott would probably still be alive, and Slager wouldn't be facing the possibility of life in prison -- or a possible death sentence. Body cameras are expensive to deploy, sure. And storing the massive amounts of data that body cameras create costs even more. That cost, however -- if we're talking the monetary kind -- may be eclipsed by the punitive damages delivered to Scott's family in an inevitable civil suit against the North Charleston Police Department. Most importantly, we have to ask ourselves this: What's the value of a human life? Certainly it's worth the price of some mass data storage. And there's something else at stake. The public is losing confidence in law enforcement, and the strained relationship between minorities and police is reaching a breaking point. Every police shooting that captures headlines justifies an ever increasing fear of cops in the street. As fear ratchets up, so does the tension between cops and the people in the communities they serve. As tension rises, the risk of more shootings increases. It is a cycle of destruction that could lead to chaos. Police body cameras can help break this cycle. Studies have shown that both cops and people in the community act better when they know they are on camera. Complaints against cops decrease, and, most importantly, use-of-force incidents drop. I will admit that body cameras are only an interim solution. They only help compensate for the real underlying problem, which is this: There is a bias against black men that has infiltrated the criminal justice system, and we are seeing it in the disproportionate shooting of black men. When we look at this footage -- and when we see the dashboard camera from the other South Carolina officer who last year shot a man who was reaching for his driver's license -- it's clear that many cops are more likely to interpret actions, even routine actions, from black men as potentially aggressive. These may not be overtly racist cops. They may not intentionally treat black men differently, but we can't pretend that black men aren't being disproportionately targeted. All across the country, we see it happening, and with the proliferation of video, we're seeing it happen with alarming frequency. Somehow, we're going to have to beat this bias out of our system. Set tougher employment screening standards when hiring cops. Institute more training to help officers recognize the bias and adjust for it. As a society, we have to focus on the broad social changes needed to address disparities in income, education and opportunities -- disparities that keep us a racially divided nation. But social change, sadly, may take generations of hard work. In the meantime, if we can't immediately root out racial bias, we can at least put a bright spotlight on it, and we can start by focusing on the one interaction where racial bias results in the loss of life -- we can start by placing body-mounted cameras on cops.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Officer Michael Slager fired eight shots at Walter Scott as he fled his encounter.
Slager appears to plant an item next to Scott's body, allowing him to die face-down.
Police body cameras can help break cycle of police shootings, says attorney.
Body cameras show officers have no idea they are being filmed.
Thput (tok/s): 34.24 +/- 0.75
Total generated tokens: 138, Total accepted tokens: 138, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Danny Kahneman, my good friend and co-author who got a Nobel Prize in economics, once helped to run an experiment involving patients undergoing colonoscopies.  One group received a mildly pleasurable experience at the end of the procedure; the other group, which experienced the same type of colonoscopy, did not. It turns out that the group for whom things ended well had significantly more positive recollections of the whole affair from its beginning. The psychology of it is simple to understand: Happy endings matter. Even an unpleasant experience can lead to happy memories in hindsight if it ends well. So too with taxes. Let's just say that when it comes to taxes for the average American, "stuff" happens (keeping the colonoscopy metaphor running), paycheck to tax-reduced paycheck.  But recent statistics suggest that 8 out of 10 American taxpayers get a refund when they file their taxes, and the average amount is close to $3000. That pays for a lot of stuff. To make the good news even better, tax filing has gotten rather simple for most people, with various software and service providers offering to do the dreaded paperwork for free. No filing headaches and a check to boot. What's not to like? The fact of the matter is there is plenty not to like when it comes to the U.S. tax system. For example, the laws are biased against two-worker marriages; taxes go up when two relatively equal earners marry, as the rate brackets for couples are less than double that for single filers. Taxes are also overly complex and essentially optional for the truly rich, who make their wealth off of their existing wealth, the largely untaxed returns from capital, rather than by getting ordinary paychecks like most of us. But now is not the time to explain such serious matters; the people are too busy spending their refunds. The once dreaded Tax Day has become a happy spending spree for most Americans. This state of short-term bliss follows from some deep trends in our tax laws. In brief, the U.S. income tax system is increasingly a wage tax, with limited taxes on capital (what the rich have) and limited deductions for most of us.  For example, 3 out of 4 Americans using a standard deduction get no break for their charitable contributions. All of this has been hashed and rehashed by politicians, professors and pundits. But who has time for that? Let's go to our television sets and check out the commercials. One clever spot ran during the recent Super Bowl, suggesting that the Boston Tea Party -- a tax revolt -- could have been averted with free online filing, which the sponsor was eager to provide. Filling out 1040s was part of what made the income tax so odious for the masses for such a long time -- who doesn't remember our parents fretting over shoeboxes of receipts sometime in April, the cruelest month? Now as Tax Day approaches, we are flooded with advertisements about America getting its billions back, without even having to pay to prepare the forms. We get paid to play! Here is the happy ending that Kahneman and others have shown can mitigate the memories of unpleasantness past. The simple fact is that a simple tax is also rather simple to administer. Service providers kindly offer to help out the masses of befuddled Americans. Of course, these kind souls want their happy endings too. They are betting that once the large refunds become obvious to their customers, the grateful taxpayers-turned-consumers will happily purchase add-on services, such as "audit protection insurance," or perhaps deposit the money in financial accounts managed by the provider. Just as lottery winners notoriously go on impulsive spending sprees, the "found money" of tax returns can finance many nice purchases. Of course, there are still those annoying matters of the deep unfairness of the tax laws, biased against modern families and wage earners, and in favor of the rich living off capital.  No real bother -- stuff happens. Let others fret about fairness. As long as our taxpaying or colon procedures end with a smile -- or a check -- who has time to dwell on the bad stuff that came before?<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Americans get a lot of tax refunds, according to recent statistics.
The tax system is increasingly a wage tax, with limited taxes on capital.
The U.S. income tax system is increasingly a wage tax, with limited taxes on capital.
Thput (tok/s): 34.20 +/- 0.78
Total generated tokens: 139, Total accepted tokens: 139, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)For superhero fans, the cup runneth over. Most of us know the members of the Avengers by now: Iron Man, Captain America, Hulk and the rest, and the fact that a few more like Quicksilver are joining the cast in the "Avengers: Age of Ultron" sequel. But there was one character who remained a mystery: the Vision, to be played by Paul Bettany. Thus far, we've only seen his eyes in a trailer. With less than a month to go before the movie hits theaters, Marvel Studios put all the speculation to rest with a poster featuring Bettany as the heroic android, who was a member of the superhero group for many years in the comics. Meanwhile, as many Marvel fans know, Thursday was the eve of the new Netflix series "Daredevil," and after a photoshopped first look at Charlie Cox's iconic red Daredevil suit went out, Marvel put out a video of the real one. Not to be outdone, director Bryan Singer announced a new character for next year's sequel "X-Men: Apocalypse," by telling Empire magazine that Ben Hardy would be playing the role of the winged mutant Angel. He even had a photo to share. And Thursday's new super images weren't quite done, because the questions over how Jamie Bell's rocky character The Thing in the rebooted "Fantastic Four" movie (out August 7) might look were also finally answered. And he looks ... pretty much like The Thing we already knew (but reportedly, CGI this time). Within 24 hours, we got yet another indication that the superhero trend isn't going anywhere anytime soon (and we didn't even talk about the new photo of Ryan Reynolds' "Deadpool").<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Avengers: Age of Ultron" poster reveals the Vision, a member of the superhero group.
The new "Daredevil" poster shows Charlie Cox's iconic red suit.
The new "X-Men: Apocalypse" poster shows Ben Hardy as the winged mutant Angel.
Thput (tok/s): 34.22 +/- 0.78
Total generated tokens: 140, Total accepted tokens: 140, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Ursula Ward kept repeating her son's name -- Odin. She steadied herself against the podium in the Fall River, Massachusetts, courtroom and occasionally paused. She was tired after more than two years of pain, punctuated Wednesday when her son's killer, Aaron Hernandez, was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. Odin Lloyd was her first born, her only son. "Odin was the backbone of the family. Odin was the man of the house. Odin was his sisters' keeper," Ward told Judge Susan Garsh, before Garsh sentenced the  former pro-football player. Lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in June 2013. He played football for the Boston Bandits, the oldest semi-pro team in Boston and the winner of four championships in the New England Football League, according to the team's website. His mother, sister, uncle and cousin described him as a champion of family, a gifted athlete and a hard worker with a sense of humor. They said he rode his bike several miles to get to work. He went to all of his niece's recitals. "Odin was my first best gift I (will) ever receive," his mother said. "I thank God (for) every second and every day of my son's life that I spent with him. "The day I laid my son Odin to rest," she continued, pausing to maintain her composure, "I think my heart stopped beating for a moment. I felt like I wanted to go into that hole with my son, Odin." She can still hear him talking to her: "'Ma, did you cook? Ma, go to bed. Ma, you're so beautiful.'" Ed Lloyd followed Ward to address the judge. Odin Lloyd's uncle thanked everyone who worked on the case against Hernandez. His nephew, he said, "meant a lot to me." "To see how he grew, the respect he had, the toughest thing for me is that I won't get to see him have a child...," Ed Lloyd said. He loved watching his nephew and his son together. "A lot of people won't see from the outside the value and the riches (Odin Lloyd) had," he said. "I'm sorry for where I stand today but I know that all the time I had with him was special and he'll always be with me." Who was Odin Lloyd? Odin Lloyd's sister Olivia Thibou wept as she explained what it has felt like to lose her brother. "These last couple years have been the hardest of our lives," she said, recalling that she was asked to writer her brother's eulogy.  "I got to write all the great memories I have of him." She laughed, recalling his insistence on wearing the same Adidas flip-flops until the soles wore away. He was "prideful," she said. He would take her car out and just when she was starting to angry, he'd pull in with the car shining and clean, inside and out. He taught her daughter how to ride a bike. His murder, she said, "feels like a bad dream." Ward told the court that she constantly thinks about her son. "I miss my baby boy Odin so much," she said. "But I know I'm going to see him again someday and that has given me the strength to go on." She has also apparently gained strength from the act of forgiveness. "I forgive the hands of the people that had a hand in my son's murder," she said. "I pray and hope that someday everyone out there will forgive them also." What's next for Aaron Hernandez?<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Odin Lloyd was first born and only son of Ursula Ward.
Lloyd was 27 years old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed.
Lloyd played football for the Boston Bandits, the oldest semi-pro team in Boston.
Lloyd's mother, sister, uncle and cousin describe him as a champion of family.
Thput (tok/s): 34.21 +/- 0.77
Total generated tokens: 141, Total accepted tokens: 141, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez will need to keep his lawyers even after being convicted of murder and other charges in the death of Odin Lloyd. The 25-year-old potentially faces three more trials -- one criminal and two civil actions. Next up is another murder trial in which he is accused of killing two men and wounding another person near a Boston nightclub in July 2012. Prosecutors have said Hernandez fatally shot Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado when he fired into their 2003 BMW.  Another passenger was wounded and two others were uninjured. Hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment. The trial was originally slated for May 28, but Jake Wark, spokesman for the Suffolk County District Attorney's Office, said Wednesday the trial had been postponed and no new date had been set. "We expect to select a new court date in the coming days and then set the amended trial track. The Suffolk indictments allege two counts of first-degree murder for the July 16, 2012, shooting deaths of Daniel de Abreu and Safiro Furtado in Boston's South End; three counts of armed assault with intent to murder and one count of assault and battery by means of a dangerous weapon for shots fired at three surviving victims; and one count of unlawful possession of a firearm," he said. The families of de Abreu and Furtado filed civil suits against Hernandez, and a judge froze his $5 million in assets, pending the outcome of the double-murder trial. The freeze includes the disputed $3.3 million signing bonus payment Hernandez claims he is owed by the New England Patriots. Hernandez is also being sued by a man who claims Hernandez shot him while they were in a limousine in Miami in February 2013. Alexander Bradley claims the then-New England Patriot tight end wounded him after the two got into a fight at a Miami strip club. In a lawsuit filed four months later, Bradley said Hernandez fired at him during a limo ride after leaving the club and that Hernandez intentionally "possessed a gun which he was not legally licensed to have." Hernandez's lawyers have argued he couldn't defend himself properly while on trial in Massachusetts. There was no criminal charge in the case. And then there is the grievance over unpaid bonus money filed by the NFL players union on behalf of Hernandez, who signed a contract in 2012 that potentially was worth more than $40 million. If the grievance is heard by the league, Hernandez will be represented by the the National Football League Players' Association. Who was Odin Lloyd? CNN's Lawrence Crook contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Aaron Hernandez faces three more trials.
Hernandez is accused of killing two men and injuring another in July 2012.
Hernandez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment.
Hernandez is also being sued by a man who claims he was shot in Miami in 2013.
Thput (tok/s): 34.21 +/- 0.76
Total generated tokens: 142, Total accepted tokens: 142, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)SPOILER ALERT! It's not just women getting cloned. That was the big twist at the end of "Orphan Black's" second season. The kickoff to the new season leads the list of six things to watch in the week ahead. 1. "Orphan Black," 9 p.m. ET, Saturday, April 18, BBC America . The cloning cult sci-fi series remains one of the most critically acclaimed shows on TV, thanks in large part to the performance of Tatiana Maslany, who has taken on at least six roles on the show so far, including a newly introduced transgender clone. Maslany told reporters this week that we can expect even more impressive scenes with multiple clones. "We like to push the boundaries of what we're able to do and the limits of those clone scenes," she said. "So, yes, you'll definitely see more complex clone work this season and that's just because we're getting more comfortable with the technology and we're excited by getting to sort of further complicate things." And the introduction of a group of male clones will certainly increase the suspense. "There definitely is a shift towards the Castor clones that we get to explore them a little bit more," she said. The fans of the show, dubbed the "Clone Club" have a lot to look forward to when the show premieres on Saturday the 18th, and Maslany is blown away by the response to the series so far. "We've always been really humbled and really inspired by our fans and by their dedication to the show and their knowledge of the show, and  just how it changes their own lives. It's incredible." 2. "Turn: Washington's Spies," 9 p.m. ET, Monday, AMC . The series about spies in the early days of the Revolutionary War returns with a new subtitle, "Washington's Spies," and a new Monday night time slot. Series star Jamie Bell told CNN what we can expect in the second season. "This year we have a lot more battles; we have the journey of [George] Washington and we're getting under his skin a little bit as well. We also introduce new characters like Benedict Arnold, a very infamous character in American history." Bell hopes the series might bring more recognition to the Culper spy ring and everything it did. "I think there should be a monument to all of the Culper ring somewhere. I was amazed that there is nothing [in Washington] about these people who did something extraordinary." 3. "Game of Thrones," 9 p.m. ET, Sunday, HBO . The world of Westeros returns for a fifth season in one of the biggest season premieres of the year. Click here for more on what to expect. 4. "Justified," 10 p.m. ET, Tuesday, FX . Timothy Olyphant's tour de force performance as Raylan Givens comes to an end Tuesday night, as the modern-day Western airs its season finale. We'll have to see how his final showdown with Boyd Crowder goes. 5. "Veep," 10:30 ET, Sunday, HBO . Hugh Laurie joins the cast and Julia Louis-Dreyfus is now the president of the United States on HBO's hit comedy. 6. "Nurse Jackie," 9 p.m. ET, Sunday, Showtime . The final season of Showtime's long-running melodrama begins.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Orphan Black" premieres on April 18.
"Game of Thrones" premieres on April 19.
"Veep" premieres on April 19.
Thput (tok/s): 34.15 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 143, Total accepted tokens: 143, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (HLNtv)Actress Alyssa Milano had some angry tweets for Heathrow Airport authorities Thursday morning after workers there allegedly confiscated breast milk she'd pumped for her daughter while she was on a plane. Milano, who was on a trip with her husband that she described in an earlier tweet as a "romantic getaway," was furious. According to the Heathrow Airport guidelines on its website regarding baby food and/or milk, the airport asks that travelers carry only what they need for the flight. A blogger mom apparently experienced a similar issue at the airport in 2011 when her pumped milk was also confiscated. Per the UK Department of Transport, travelers can carry breast milk through security and are allowed quantities larger than 100ml if necessary. Milano, who has long been an outspoken advocate of breastfeeding, said the cooler the milk was in was also confiscated. See the original story at HLNtv.com.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Actress Alyssa Milano had some angry tweets for Heathrow Airport authorities.
Milano was on a trip with her husband that she described as a "romantic getaway"
Airport asks travelers carry only what they need for the flight.
Thput (tok/s): 34.18 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 144, Total accepted tokens: 144, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Justice may be blind, but it's easy to see that Marvel's "Daredevil" is already a hit with fans. The pitch-black-dark new series streamed its entire first season on Netflix on Friday morning, and the early word is quite good. Charlie Cox is perfectly cast as blind attorney Matt Murdock, whose nights are consumed with cleaning up the New York neighborhood of Hell's Kitchen while dressed in a black ninjaesque outfit. As the season unfolds, he heads toward a confrontation with Vincent D'Onofrio's Wilson Fisk, a.k.a. the Kingpin. Two love interests enter Murdock's life in the form of Karen Page (Deborah Ann Woll) and Claire Temple (Rosario Dawson). Oh, and there's that red suit. So what do critics think? Quite a lot, with 94% giving it positive reviews on Rotten Tomatoes. "Marvel's 'Daredevil,' Netflix's latest offering, is a well-scripted, beautifully acted superhero saga that is surprisingly impressive," said the Philadelphia Inquirer's Tirdad Derakhshani. "The series stays incredibly faithful to Daredevil's pulp roots and does something delightfully unexpected -- trust its fans enough to spare us a long, drawn-out origin story," said Sadie Gennis of TV Guide. Early risers on Twitter praised the show as well, especially Cox's performance, as well as a drawn-out, well-choreographed fight scene in episode 2. Does Netflix have a "House of Cards"-like hit on its hands? Time will tell.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Daredevil" is a new series on Netflix, and it's already a hit with fans.
The series is based on the comic book character Matt Murdock.
The show is written by David S. Goyer, who also wrote "The Sopranos"
Thput (tok/s): 34.19 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 145, Total accepted tokens: 145, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Two years ago, the storied Boston Marathon ended in terror and altered the lives of runners, spectators and those who tried to come to their rescue. Just last week, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to the bombings at the race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward. The jury will begin deliberating his punishment next week. The death penalty is on the table. Dzhokhar and his brother Tamerlan, who was killed in a shootout with police, were intent on terrorizing not just Bostonians, but all Americans, prosecutors said. But the Tsarnaevs were not on the minds of most people in Boston on Wednesday. The injured victims and those who lost their lives were spoken of with reverence in somber ceremonies. Relatives of 8-year-old Martin Richard, the attack's youngest victim, and the family of Krystle Campbell  stood with Gov. Charlie Baker and Mayor Martin Walsh. Bagpipes played and banners whipped in the wind on Boylston Street, the Boston Globe reported. Boston University graduate student Lingzi Lu also was killed in one of the two horrific blasts that brought chaos to the competitors and spectators near the race's finish line on April 15, 2013. Who were the victims? Many bombing survivors were in the crowd for Wednesday's events, the newspaper said. They wore white, blue and yellow pins celebrating "One Boston Day," which was created to recognize acts of valor and to encourage kindness among Bostonians. Many there and those who couldn't observe the day in person tweeted their respect and memories using #BostonDay. The marathon historically happens on a Monday. This year, runners will take on the 26.2 mile challenge April 20. "I think today will always be a little emotional for me -- Marathon Monday is my favorite day of the year, and will continue to be, despite these tragedies," Boston resident Lindsey Berkowitz told CNN. "I have so much respect and support for all of the survivors, and hope the city continues to come together on this day to embrace the strength and resilience of Boston, and the love we all have for this great city." Melanie DiVasta was working just a mile from the finish line in 2013 when one of the bombs set by the Tsarnaevs exploded. Several of her friends were waiting at the finish line. They were unharmed. "It was just an overwhelming feeling of shock to start hearing about it and seeing images," DiVasta said. "You couldn't help but cry and just ask why." What's next for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev? CNN's Jareen Imam contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Boston Marathon ends in terror two years ago.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was convicted on 30 charges related to bombings.
Boston University graduate student Lingzi Lu also was killed in one of the two blasts.
Boston residents wear white, blue and yellow pins to honor victims.
Thput (tok/s): 34.19 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 146, Total accepted tokens: 146, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Nairobi, Kenya (CNN)University of Nairobi students were terrified Sunday morning when they heard explosions -- caused by a faulty electrical cable -- and believed it was a terror attack, the school said. Students on the Kikuyu campus stampeded down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory, and some jumped from its fifth floor, the university said. Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals. One person died, according to the school. The confusion and panic came less than two weeks after Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at a college in Garissa, Kenya. Kenyan teachers and students have said they fear being targeted by the Somalia-based terrorists. On Sunday, as many as 108 students from the University of Nairobi were admitted to Kenyatta National Hospital. Among them, at least 63 students have been discharged, and at least four are slated for surgery, the school said. Almost all of the 54 students being treated at PCEA Kikuyu Hospital have been released, the university said. Kenya Power authorities and its CEO are at the school and looking into the electrical issue. Normal power supply will resume after repairs, the university said. "As we mourn the unfortunate loss of the departed student, we are also praying for the quick recovery of those who were injured," said Vice Chancellor Peter M.F. Mbithi in a statement. He called on the students, staff and public to remain calm. CNN's Lillian Leposo reported from Nairobi and Ashley Fantz wrote this story in Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: University of Nairobi students believe explosions are a terror attack.
Students stampede down the halls of the Kimberly dormitory.
Hundreds were injured and were taken to hospitals.
One person died, according to the school.
Thput (tok/s): 34.20 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 147, Total accepted tokens: 147, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The Tulsa County reserve deputy who fatally shot a man instead of using his Taser turned himself in to authorities Tuesday at the Tulsa County Jail. Video shows Reserve Deputy Robert Bates announcing he is going to deploy his Taser after an undercover weapons sting on April 2 but then shooting Eric Courtney Harris in the back with a handgun. Bates was charged with second-degree manslaughter Monday. He surrendered Tuesday morning, accompanied by his attorney, Clark Brewster, and immediately posted bail of $25,000. As he exited the jailhouse, Bates paused in front of television cameras for a moment but did not speak. His attorney reiterated that he believes the charge against his client is unwarranted. The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office says a sting operation caught Harris illegally selling a gun. Harris ran when officers came in for the arrest. Authorities say Bates thought he pulled out his Taser but "inadvertently" fired his gun. Harris' brother, Andre Harris, told CNN that he is pleased District Attorney Steve Kunzweiler pressed charges. In his opinion, however, no type of force should have been used in the arrest of his brother. Watching the video of the shooting, Andre Harris said he can see that three or more officers were already on top of his brother. That manpower should have been enough to arrest him, he said. "It was a situation where I didn't necessarily think that a Taser should even be used," Andre Harris said. Scott Wood, another Bates' attorney, has said the shooting was an "excusable homicide." Investigators' efforts to defend Bates and the other deputies involved in the arrest have sparked a mounting chorus of criticism online. Harris' relatives are demanding an independent investigation of what they call unjustified brutality. They're also questioning why the 73-year-old Bates -- the CEO of an insurance company who volunteers as a certified reserve deputy -- was on the scene in such a sensitive and high-risk sting operation. Daniel Smolen, an attorney representing the Harris family, said Bates paid big money to play a cop in his spare time. Bates, who was a police officer for a year in the 1960s, had been a reserve deputy since 2008, with 300 hours of training and 1,100 hours of community policing experience, according to the sheriff's office. He was also a frequent contributor to the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office, including $2,500 to the re-election of Sheriff Stanley Glanz. The sheriff's office has said that Bates had law enforcement certification, but Smolen said he has not seen any field training records. "We're holding up all right at this point," Andre Harris said. "We're putting our faith in God that justice will be served, and we can get some closure in this situation." How easy is it to confuse a gun for a Taser? In a statement released Tuesday, Eric Harris' family members said they know there are many good deputies working in Tulsa County. "However, the treatment of Eric of April 2 clearly shows that there is a deep-seated problem within the TCSO," the statement said. The family said that the sheriff has not apologized and that the department has not shown remorse or indication it will change its policies. CNN's Jason Morris and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Reserve deputy Robert Bates charged with second-degree manslaughter.
Bates turned himself in to authorities Tuesday morning.
Bates thought he pulled out his Taser but "inadvertently" fired his gun.
Harris' family members say they know there are many good deputies.
Thput (tok/s): 34.18 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 148, Total accepted tokens: 148, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Baghdad, Iraq (CNN)Hundreds of additional Iraqi troops are being sent to reinforce colleagues who are trying to fend off ISIS' attempt to overrun Iraq's largest oil refinery, a key paramilitary force said Tuesday. The reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq's Baiji oil refinery, a key strategic resource that has long been a target because the facility refines much of the fuel used by Iraqis domestically. The additional troops came from Camp Speicher, a fortified Iraqi base near the city of Tikrit, according to the media office of the Hasd Al-Shaabi militia. The reinforcements include two federal police regiments, an Iraqi military quick reaction force battalion and a regiment from Hasd Al-Shaabi, which is a predominantly Shia militia that worked with the Iraqi military as well as Sunni fighters to liberate Tikrit from ISIS about two weeks ago. ISIS launched an assault on the Baiji oil refinery late Saturday. By Sunday, ISIS said its fighters were inside the refinery and controlled several buildings, but Iraqi government security officials denied that claim and insisted that Iraqi forces remained in full control. The Hasd Al-Shaabi media office said Tuesday that Iraqi troops already at the refinery were holding their ground, preparing to push ISIS out of the facility entirely. The attack could have a significant effect if it damages oil fields or machinery. The refinery is 40 kilometers (25 miles) from Tikrit. CNN's Hamdi Alkhshali reported from Baghdad. CNN's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta. CNN's Arwa Damon and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Iraqi troops already at the refinery are holding their ground, preparing to push ISIS out.
Attack could have significant effect if it damages oil fields or machinery.
Reinforcements come four days after ISIS began attacking northern Iraq's Baiji oil refinery.
The attack could have significant effect if it damages oil fields or machinery.
Thput (tok/s): 34.20 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 149, Total accepted tokens: 149, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tokyo (CNN)The operator of the crippled Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant has given up trying to recover a robotic probe after it stopped moving inside one of the reactors. Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) deployed the remote-controlled robot on Friday inside one of the damaged reactors that had suffered a meltdown following a devastating earthquake and tsunami in 2011. It was the first time the probe had been used. The robot, set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate the spread of debris, stalled after moving about 10 meters, according to a statement released by TEPCO. A newly released report and footage from the robot shows that a fallen object had blocked its path and left it stranded. TEPCO decided to cut off the cable connected to the device Sunday as it had already covered two-thirds of the originally planned route. It managed to collect data on radiation levels in 14 of the 18 targeted locations. Four years after the devastating nuclear crisis, the radiation levels inside the three damaged reactors are still extremely high and remain unsafe for people to enter. Decommissioning work is estimated to cost $50 billion and will take years to complete. TEPCO called the robotic probe an "unprecedented" experiment. CNN's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo, Japan and Naomi Ng wrote from Hong Kong.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) deployed the remote-controlled robot.
The probe was set out to collect data on radiation levels and investigate debris.
The probe stalled after moving about 10 meters, according to a statement released by TEPCO.
The radiation levels inside the three damaged reactors are still extremely high.
Thput (tok/s): 34.21 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 150, Total accepted tokens: 150, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)More than 500 Houthi rebels have been killed since the start of Saudi-led military operations against Yemeni Shia fighters, a Saudi Defense Ministry official said Saturday, according to the state-run Saudi Press Agency. A Saudi general said Saturday the nine-nation coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since they began on March 26. Gen. Ahmed Asiri added that the raids aim to keep the rebels from moving toward southern Yemen,  according to the SPA. Clashes took place Friday near the Saudi-Yemeni border, in the Najran region. Saudi forces responded to mortar rounds fired by Houthis on a Saudi border site. Three Saudi military officers were killed and two others were wounded in the shelling, a defense official said, according to SPA. A Saudi source also confirmed to CNN's Nic Robertson that three Saudi soldiers were killed in the shelling. The Yemeni Health Ministry on Saturday said 385 civilians have been killed and 342 others have been wounded. The World Health Organization has put higher figure on both tolls -- 648 killed and 2,191 wounded -- but includes militant casualties in the totals. Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels -- minority Shiites who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January. And even before the crisis escalated with the Saudi airstrikes, most of the 25 million people in Yemen required humanitarian assistance to meet their most basic needs, the United Nations said Friday. CNN's Pierre Meilhan and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: 385 civilians killed, 342 wounded in Saudi airstrikes.
Saudi general says coalition has undertaken 1,200 airstrikes since March 26.
Saudi forces respond to mortar rounds fired by Houthis on a Saudi border site.
Saudi source confirms three Saudi soldiers were killed in the shelling.
Thput (tok/s): 34.23 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 151, Total accepted tokens: 151, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Hong Kong (CNN)There's a booming black market in Hong Kong, but it's not for fake Apple Watches, or the iPhone. Instead, people are going crazy for tins of butter cookies. Tourists and locals line up around the block for several hours just to get their hands on Jenny's cookies -- at $9 a tin. Its popularity has spurred bakeries to make and sell knockoffs, and the original store has signs warning against buying 'fake' Jenny's cookies. The tiny shop, located in Tsim Sha Tsui, one of the city's main shopping districts, is swarming with people handing over wads of cash for the "little bear cookies" as they are known across Asia. People are even hired to stand in line to buy the goods and are later resold at a 70% mark-up yards away, something the bakery also tries to discourage. A few meters away from the long cookie line, old ladies hold up paper signs advertising the cookies for sale. But when they see cameras approaching, they scurry away, only to reappear on another street corner. The frenzy in Hong Kong over the buttery treats is by no means an isolated example. In other parts of the world, food mania has erupted, swiftly winning people's hearts and stomachs, only to fizzle out in a few months. From cronuts to ramen burgers, here are some foods that people around the world have spent hours of their lives waiting for. Were they worth it?<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hong Kong's Jenny's cookies are a popular treat.
People are even hired to stand in line to buy the goods.
The frenzy in Hong Kong over the buttery treats is by no means an isolated example.
Thput (tok/s): 34.24 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 152, Total accepted tokens: 152, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Kano, Nigeria (CNN)An explosion late Thursday outside a bus station in the northeast Nigerian city of Gombe ‎killed at least five people and injured more than a dozen others, witnesses said. The explosion outside the Bauchi Motor Park‎ happened around 8:30 p.m. after a woman left her explosives-laden handbag near a bus filling up with passengers. The bus was heading to the central Nigerian city of Jos, 125 kilometers away. "There has been an explosion just outside the motor park and five people have been killed while more than 12 others have been seriously injured," said Adamu Saidu, an employee at the bus station. "Some of the injured have had their limbs blown off‎ and one of them has had his eye gouged out," said Saidu, who was involved in the evacuation of the victims to a hospital. The woman pretended to be going to Jos and lingered around the bus, which was ‎waiting to fill up with passengers, according to Falalu Tasiu, a grocer near the bus station. "The woman kept talking on the phone and dropped her bag beside the bus, pretending to be waiting for the bus to fill up," Tasiu said. "She moved towards shops overlooking the bus station as if she was going to buy something and disappeared. Moments later the bag exploded and set the bus on fire, killing five people and inujuring around 15 others," Tasiu said. Although no one has claimed responsibility for the attack, Boko Haram Islamists have repeatedly carried out suicide and bombing attacks on bus stations and markets in Gombe and other northern cities, making the group the main suspect. Boko Haram has in recent months been under sustained pressure from sweeping offensives from a four-nation regional alliance of Nigeria, Chad, Niger and Cameroon. The regional offensives have considerably weakened Boko Haram's capabilities, which has prompted the Islamists to resort to attacks on soft targets such as bus stations, markets and schools. The explosion was the first attack since Nigeria held its presidential election at the weekend, which was won by opposition candidate Muhammadu Buhari, who vowed to crush Boko Haram when he assumes office in late May.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Explosion outside bus station in Gombe kills at least five people.
Explosion was triggered by woman leaving explosives-laden handbag.
Boko Haram Islamists have repeatedly carried out suicide and bombing attacks.
Thput (tok/s): 34.24 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 153, Total accepted tokens: 153, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)ISIS is a problem that is "off the charts historically" and has sent the United States into "uncharted territory" when it comes to putting down the terror group, the Obama administration's point man in the fight recently told CNN. The comments, which Brett McGurk made in an exclusive interview, were some of the administration's strongest to date in describing the challenge the United States and its allies face in battling ISIS. "This is a problem that is off the charts historically," he said, referring to the more than 20,000 foreign fighters who have gone into Syria. "Just put that into perspective: It's about twice the number that went into Afghanistan in the 1980s over a 10-year period to fight the Soviet Union, and those came really from only a handful of countries." He concluded, "We're in unchartered territory here." McGurk just returned from an urgent summit of coalition nations held in Jordan. Last week, Canada became the latest nation to conduct airstrikes against ISIS over Syria. The United States now lists 62 countries in the coalition. As the U.S.-led coalition has focused attention on Iraq and Syria, ISIS has expanded its reach to Libya, Egypt and Yemen, often with existing extremist groups pledging allegiance to the militants. McGurk did not rule out expanding U.S. military action beyond Iraq and Syria to combat the increasing regional threat. "We have a lot of tools to protect ourselves and our national security interests, some of which are military tools," he said. "Of course we apply those tools when the president determines and our chain of command makes the recommendation that that is the right thing to do." The United States has also been stepping up efforts to involve Sunni groups in the fight against ISIS. To date, that involvement has been extremely limited as Sunni tribes see Shiite militias, many with horrendous human rights records, take the lead. But McGurk said that Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi is making progress getting Sunni tribes to support a planned Iraqi offensive against ISIS in Anbar province in the coming weeks. He stressed the importance of working with al-Abadi, noting that the Iraqi leader was in Anbar province last week handing out more than 1,000 AK-47s to tribal fighters who are going to join the Iraqi security forces. "We are helping to enable and train (them) as they begin to go on the offensive over the coming weeks and months in Anbar," McGurk said. "They put out this very perverse, twisted vision, and it's very attractive to a lot of young men around the world," he acknowledged. "But in fact, what the foreign fighters are finding in Syria and Iraq is that they're more likely to get killed in Iraq and Syria, and in fact, instead of getting a slave bride as ISIS leaders promise them, they're more likely to get killed by a female Peshmerga fighter in the streets of Kobani." That bottom line, he assessed, could turn the tide: "The foreign fighters are learning the reality of what it's like when they go to join this twisted version of a caliphate, and I think we're going to see those networks begin to dry up."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Obama administration's point man in the fight: "We're in unchartered territory"
More than 20,000 foreign fighters have gone into Syria, he says.
U.S. now lists 62 countries in the coalition.
McGurk: "We have a lot of tools to protect ourselves and our national security interests"
Thput (tok/s): 34.24 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 154, Total accepted tokens: 154, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The first trailer for a documentary on the life and music of late British singer Amy Winehouse was released Thursday. The teaser for "Amy: The Girl Behind the Name," set for UK release on July 3, features early footage of Winehouse talking about how her music career was born and where she believed she was headed. "Singing has always been important to me, but I never thought, 'I'll end up singing' or 'I'll be a singer,' " Winehouse said. "I felt like I had nothing new that was coming out at the time that really represented me or the way I felt, so, you know, I just started writing." Winehouse, known for her bluesy voice, bouffant hairdo and numerous tattoos, struggled publicly with drugs and alcohol during a career in which she recorded two albums and won six Grammys (one posthumous). She died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on July 23, 2011. Her biggest hit, "Rehab," chronicled the efforts of those around her to get her to submit to substance abuse treatment. "Amy" seeks to "truly capture not just the great artist that she was, but also the funny and loving person that most people didn't get a chance to know," the filmmakers said on Facebook after announcing the film in 2013. Amy Winehouse documentary gets UK release date . The trailer conveys Winehouse's ambivalence about fame. "I'm not a girl trying to be a star or trying to be anything other than a musician," she says. "I don't think I'm gonna be at all famous," Winehouse tells an interviewer early in her career. "I don't think I could handle it. I would probably go mad. Do you know what I mean? I would go mad." A life cut short: Remembering the tragedy of Amy Winehouse . Unlike an earlier look at the singer's life, 2013's "Fallen Star," the documentary has been endorsed by Winehouse's family. It will feature "extensive unseen archive footage and previously unheard tracks," Deadline reported. The team behind the new film includes Asif Kapadia, director of the documentary "Senna," on the life of Brazilian Formula 1 racer Ayrton Senna. The film won two BAFTA awards. "The award-winning producers of Senna presented a vision that would look at Amy's story sensitively, honestly and without sensationalising her," the family statement said. "We want this to be a tribute to her musical legacy."' A U.S. release date for the film has yet to be announced. CNN's Michael Pearson contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Amy: The Girl Behind the Name" set for UK release on July 3.
Film seeks to "truly capture not just the great artist that she was"
Amy Winehouse died from alcohol poisoning at the age of 27 on July 23, 2011.
Thput (tok/s): 34.24 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 155, Total accepted tokens: 155, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Boston (CNN)The Boston Marathon is traditionally an event in which people in and around the Massachusetts capital come together, celebrate and enjoy. But not in 2013, when three people died and over 200 were injured when a pair of bombs went off within 12 seconds of each other at the finish line. And not this year -- at least not if you're a member of the jury that convicted Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in the bombings. That's what federal Judge George A. O'Toole told jurors Tuesday, stressing the importance of avoiding anything that could be prejudicial in the trial's sentencing phase. That begins April 21, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race. "Do not attend the Boston Marathon or any events or gatherings related to the anniversary or the current running of the Boston Marathon," O'Toole said in court. The judge spoke for less than 10 minutes, and stressed the seriousness of his warnings. The first phase of Tsarnaev's trial began March 4, after which federal prosecutors called 92 witnesses, and the defense just four. Timeline of the bombings, manhunt and aftermath . Tsarnaev's lawyers never disputed that their client was at the scene of the bombings and part of the days-long mayhem that followed. Tsarnaev lawyer Judy Clarke acknowledged in opening arguments that: "It was him." But Clarke argued that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev only took part in the plot under the influence of his brother Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who died after the bombings, but before his brother was captured in a boat parked in a Watertown backyard, . That argument wasn't enough to sway the jury, though. Rather, they convicted Dzhokhar Tsarnaev on all 30 counts he faced -- including using weapons of mass destruction, bombing a place of public use, conspiracy and aiding and abetting. A look at all of the charges . The only question now, short of a successful appeal of that verdict, is what price he'll now pay. The maximum penalty for several of the charges is death. Talking to the jury on Tuesday, O'Toole predicted that the sentencing phase will last four weeks before cautioning that forecasting a specific timetable is less reliable than guessing the weather. The plan is for the court to be in session for four days a week, as long as the process takes. Until then, O'Toole told the jurors, "Please put the case out of your minds. Enjoy the warm weather." What's next for Tsarnaev? CNN's Ann O'Neill reported from Boston. CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet, Alexandra Field, Aaron Cooper, Kevin Conlon, Jason Hanna and Steve Almasy contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Judge: "Do not attend the Boston Marathon or any events or gatherings"
Judge: "Please put the case out of your minds. Enjoy the warm weather"
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's trial begins April 21.
Thput (tok/s): 34.23 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 156, Total accepted tokens: 156, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A former U.S. Army enlistee who posted on Facebook about "the adrenaline rush" of dying in jihad was arrested Friday and charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley military base in Kansas, authorities said. A second man, who allegedly knew about the bomb plot but didn't call authorities, was charged with failing to report a felony. John T. Booker Jr. of Topeka, an American citizen also known as Mohammed Abdullah Hassan, was taken into custody near Manhattan, Kansas, in a van that contained what he thought was a bomb, the criminal complaint said. The "bomb" had actually been put together by two confidential informants with nonexplosive materials, the complaint said. Fort Riley's security was never breached and no people were in danger, the U.S. Justice Department said in a press release. Booker enlisted in the Army last year and was due to ship out to basic training April 7, 2014, said Army spokesman Wayne Hall. The criminal complaint said the FBI questioned him March 24, 2014 about comments posted on Facebook, such as, "Getting ready to be killed in jihad is a HUGE adrenaline rush. I am so nervous. NOT because I'm scare to die but I am eager to meet my lord." Booker waived his Miranda rights and told the agents he enlisted to commit an insider attack against American soldiers like Maj. Nidal Hassan had done at Fort Hood, Texas, the complaint said. Hassan opened fire in a building in November 2009, killing 13 people and wounding more than 30. His enlistment was terminated March 24, 2014, at the request of Army Criminal Investigation Command, Hall said. Booker began communicating with a confidential informant later in 2014, the complaint said, and often talked about his plans to engage in violent jihad in support of ISIS. He and the informant watched ISIS videos together, the complaint said, and Booker talked about how he wanted to go to Iraq and turn his weapon on American soldiers when ordered to shoot the enemy. On March 9, Booker said he believed ISIS wanted him to commit a truck bombing in the United States and thought a good target would be nearby Fort Riley, a large Army base that's home to the 1st Infantry Division, known as "The Big Red One." Booker said "that detonating a suicide bomb is his No. 1 aspiration because he couldn't be captured, all evidence would be destroyed and he would be guaranteed to hit his target,"  the criminal complaint said. He made a video with a Fort Riley airfield in the background and said ISIS was coming to kill American soldiers, both abroad and in the United States, the complaint said. Booker acquired components for a bomb and rented a storage locker to store the components, the complaint said. The plan was for confidential informants to build a bomb and for Booker to drive to Fort Riley and detonate it, the complaint said. But the bomb was built with "inert" parts and would never explode, the complaint said. On Friday, the informants and Booker drove to what Booker thought was a little-used utility gate near Fort Riley, the complaint said. While Booker was making final connections on the "bomb," the FBI arrested him, the complaint said. He was charged with one count of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction, one count of attempting to damage property by means of an explosive and one count of attempting to provide material support to the Islamic State of Iraq, a designated foreign terrorist organization. If convicted, he could face life in prison. Alexander E. Blair, 28, of Topeka was taken into custody Friday and charged with failing to report a felony. The FBI said agents interviewed Blair after Booker's arrest. Blair said he shared some of Booker's views, knew of his plans to detonate a vehicle bomb at Fort Riley and loaned him money to rent storage space, according to the FBI's criminal complaint. He said he thought Booker would carry out his plan but did not contact authorities, the complaint said. If convicted, Blair faces a maximum of three years in prison.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: John T. Booker Jr. of Topeka, Kansas, was arrested Friday.
He was charged with trying to detonate a car bomb at Fort Riley military base.
The "bomb" had actually been put together by two confidential informants.
The informants and Booker drove to what Booker thought was a little-used gate.
Thput (tok/s): 34.21 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 157, Total accepted tokens: 157, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Gwyneth Paltrow, the actress turned lifestyle guru, is known for promoting detoxes and health cleanses on her site, Goop.com. But she's now bringing awareness to the difficulties of life on food stamps. In a tweet Friday, Paltrow showcased an array of leafy greens, dried beans and rice, purchased for the amount a person living on food stamps is allotted each week, she explained. The amount of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program benefits a person can get is based on the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Thrifty Food Plan. The plan estimates how much it costs to buy food, according to the United States Department of Agriculture. In this case, Paltrow will be spending just under $30 for groceries. Her participation is part of the #FoodBankNYCChallenge. Celebrity chef Mario Batali, a close friend of the star's, nominated Paltrow and musicians Sting and Deborah Harry for the challenge through a video. The challenge urges participants to use only $29 for all the food a person eats for seven days. "For one week, walk in someone else's shoes," Batali is quoted saying on the Food Bank for New York City's website. "By truly understanding what our friends and neighbors are going through, we will be better equipped to find solutions." The #FoodBankNYCChallenge is an attempt to live on a food stamp budget for one week, which translates to $1.38 per meal, according to the site. The effort is in response to recent cuts to food stamps. "Congress cut food stamps twice since 2013, and soup kitchens and food pantries saw an immediate increase in visitors," the site explains. Organizers hope the challenge will raise public awareness of the struggles for families to afford food while on food stamps.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Gwyneth Paltrow is participating in the challenge.
She will be spending just under $30 for groceries.
The challenge urges participants to use only $29 for all the food a person eats for seven days.
Thput (tok/s): 34.22 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 158, Total accepted tokens: 158, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It was a typical practice day for the Washington University of rowing team, but then danger came from beneath. The scene was Creve Coeur Lake outside of St. Louis early Friday morning. The team's boat got near the dock, when suddenly a swarm of Asian carp emerged from the water and went on the attack, some even going into the boat. Team member Devin Patel described the moment of terror: "The fish was flopping on my legs. It was so slippery that I couldn't get a grip on it." Patel screamed at teammate Yoni David, "Yoni, get it off me!" Thankfully, no rowers were injured during the ordeal, but the strong smell of fish lingered in the moments afterward. Watch iReporter Benjamin Rosenbaum's video above.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Washington University rowing team's boat gets near the dock.
Swarm of Asian carp emerge from the water and go on the attack.
Team member Devin Patel describes the moment of terror: "The fish was flopping on my legs"
No rowers were injured during the ordeal.
Thput (tok/s): 34.23 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 159, Total accepted tokens: 159, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Obock, Djibouti (CNN)Amina Ali Qassim is sitting with her youngest grandchild on her lap, wiping away tears with her headscarf. Only a few months old, this is the baby girl whose ears she desperately tried to cover the night the aerial bombardment started. She lay awake, she says, in a village mosque on the Yemeni island of Birim, counting explosions as the baby cried. It could have been worse though. They could have still been in their house when the first missile landed. "Our neighbor shouted to my husband 'you have to leave, they're coming.' And we just ran. As soon as we left the house, the first missile fell right by it and then a second on it. It burned everything to the ground," Qassim tells us. Qassim and her family fled Birim at first light, piling in with three other families. Twenty-five of them squeezed into one boat setting sail through the Bab al-Mandab Strait to Djibouti. Bab al-Mandab is one of the busiest waterways in the world, a thoroughfare for oil tankers and cargo ships. It's now being crossed by desperate Yemenis in rickety fishing boats seeking refuge from the conflict threatening to engulf their country. Qassim's son Mohamed describes the families' journey across this part of the Red Sea as "a window into hell." "The women were violently ill," he tells us. "It was a catastrophe." It took them five hours to cross into the north of Djibouti, where the government is providing the refugees with temporary shelter in this unfinished orphanage here in Obock. And the U.N. says thousands more refugees are expected. Qassim and her family will soon have to move to the plastic tents that have been prepared for them on the dusty outskirts of the town, taking with them only the collection of plastic mats and pots neatly stacked in the corner. It's all that remains of everything they once owned. Her two daughters are trapped back in Yemen, in Taiz. She hasn't been able to reach them and the worry she says is almost unbearable. I ask her how many days it was after the Saudi aerial bombardment began that they left. She looks at me and laughs, "How many days would you have stayed?" Then she goes quiet, looking down at the granddaughter in her lap. Finally she tells me, "I thought she would never be able to stop screaming. That the fear would stay with her forever." "May God please have mercy on Yemen."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Amina Ali Qassim is sitting with her youngest grandchild on her lap.
She says the baby girl was crying as the first missile landed.
She says the baby girl's ears were desperately tried to be covered.
She says the baby girl's fear was almost unbearable.
Thput (tok/s): 34.23 +/- 0.78
Total generated tokens: 160, Total accepted tokens: 160, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The Coxes can rest more comfortably living in Georgia now that their 5-year-old daughter can get the marijuana extract she needs. "This means the world to us," said Haleigh Cox's mother, Janea Cox. Gov. Nathan Deal signed a bill Thursday that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies," while creating an infrastructure, registration process and research program for the drug. (THC is the primary psychoactive substance in marijuana.) The bill is dubbed Haleigh's Hope Act. Haleigh, who has been the face of the bill, was having hundreds of seizures a day and the five potent drugs meant to control them weren't making life better for the little girl. Janea Cox said in a March 2014 interview that she made the difficult decision to move her daughter to Colorado, where medical marijuana is legal, in hopes of saving her life. "She was maxed out," Cox said. "She'd quit breathing several times a day, and the doctors blamed it on the seizure medications." 10 diseases marijuana could affect . Cox had heard that a form of medical marijuana might help, but it wasn't available in Georgia. So a week after hearing a doctor's diagnosis that Haleigh might not live another three months, she and Haleigh packed up and moved to Colorado Springs, Colorado. There, Haleigh began a regimen of cannabis oil: four times a day and once at night. "Every time she smiled I knew we did the right thing, because we hadn't seen her smile in three years," Cox said. "Now she's thriving, she's healthy, she's happy, and they're absolutely shocked at the difference. So I think we've turned some nonbelievers into believers of cannabis oil." Deal is apparently one of those believers, signing HB1 on Thursday and opening the door for the use of cannabis oil to treat certain medical conditions. The bill will benefit not only people who suffer from chronic seizure disorders, but it also will allow patients to receive in-state treatment. To obtain a license in Georgia, you will need to have a specific covered condition, such as acute seizures. "For the families enduring separation and patients suffering pain, the wait is finally over," Deal said Thursday. "... Now, Georgia children and their families may return home while continuing to receive much-needed care." For Cox, it's a blessing "to be able to come back home, and with Haleigh's medicine, it's done wonders for her -- going from 200-plus seizures a day and on her deathbed to a smiling, happy girl who says words now and looks us in the eye and lets us know she's in there." She added, "Colorado has been good to us, but Georgia's home. Georgia's definitely home." With medical marijuana legal in nearly half the states, doctors are increasingly studying what effect the drug has on various ailments. While Georgia's law is specific to a handful of conditions, medical marijuana laws in states such as California permit marijuana use for an array of ailments. But as states rewrite their regulations, federal law remains the same: Marijuana is illegal to grow, sell or use for any purpose. Under the Controlled Substances Act, marijuana is listed on Schedule 1, meaning it has "no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse." To backers of reform, it presents a Catch-22: Marijuana is restricted, in large part, because there is scant research to support medical uses, yet research is difficult to conduct because of tight restrictions.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Georgia's governor signs a bill that will legalize low-THC cannabis oil for certain "medication-resistant epilepsies"
The bill is dubbed Haleigh's Hope Act, named after a 5-year-old girl with seizures.
Haleigh has been the face of the bill, having hundreds of seizures a day.
The bill will benefit not only people who suffer from chronic seizure disorders.
Thput (tok/s): 34.22 +/- 0.78
Total generated tokens: 161, Total accepted tokens: 161, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The Cuba that photographer Carolina Sandretto captures is a world away from the images of neon 1950s American cars and postcard-worthy white sand beaches that most visitors to the island bring back home. Instead Sandretto focuses on "solares," the crumbling buildings that many Cubans divide and cohabitate, often with several generations and separate families sharing one dwelling. "This situation of bringing into your house your husband or your wife and living with your own parents in your late 30s and 40s, I always thought is really interesting and different than the U.S. but similar to my country since that's the way it was 50 years ago," said Sandretto, who is from Italy. Following Fidel Castro's 1959 revolution, houses and apartments were redistributed throughout Cuba and the government promised that everyone would have a home in the new socialist utopia. But building did not keep pace with the population, and Cubans were forced to adapt by dividing and re-dividing up homes to make room. "It ends up to be a very interesting habitat," Sandretto said. "Because there (are) so many different layers of people. It creates a whole community, even if neighbors really don't like each other." Sandretto said she first visited Cuba three years ago and was instantly hooked. "I stayed and went back and back because it's a very unique place and people are really beautiful and amazing and with interesting stories," she said. Gaining entrance to the maze-like solares was a constant negotiation, Sandretto said, and plenty of times she was turned away. "I always try to explain what I do, why I am there, why I am interested in where they live, the aim of my project," she said. Toting a 30-year-old Hasselblad 500cm camera, Sandretto found it was a good way to strike up a conversation with her subjects. Social media . Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography. "They get curious when see someone going around with a bulky old camera," she said. "I talk a lot. I am Italian. I speak Spanish, which helps but not a lot because you have to speak 'Cuban,' which is another language." Her persistence allowed her to capture intimate moments of Cubans resting in the sweltering heat, crowding around a communal TV or just going about life despite their disintegrating surroundings. There are no modern appliances or conveniences in her photographs. The people in these solares aren't the fortunate Cubans who have relatives visiting from Miami with flat-screens and smartphones in tow. Instead, there is the sense of time being whittled away -- one game of dominoes or one TV soap opera a time. Sandretto said she hopes to continue to document the changes on the island that occur as the United States and Cuba work to restore diplomatic relations and an inevitable influx of American visitors arrive. The thawing in relations could even change life in Cuba's solares. "People want to travel, have access to the Internet and improve their economic situation," she said. "I hope that's what happens." Carolina Sandretto is an Italian photographer based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Carolina Sandretto is a photographer based in New York.
She is documenting the crumbling buildings in Cuba.
She says she hopes to continue to document the changes on the island.
Thput (tok/s): 34.19 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 162, Total accepted tokens: 162, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Lady Antebellum singer Hillary Scott's tour bus caught fire on a Texas freeway Thursday morning, but everyone on board was safely evacuated. Michael Barnett captured dramatic video of the fire, on Interstate 30 just northeast of Dallas, and uploaded it to CNN iReport. Smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed to a crawl and Barnett slowly approached in his vehicle. As he drew closer to the bus, Barnett decided to stop filming because he didn't know what to expect. "It was shocking," he said. "I didn't know what I was about to see. I didn't know if anyone was hurt." Barnett said he didn't realize at the time that the bus belonged to the country band. Hillary Scott, co-lead singer for the band, posted a photo of the charred bus on Instagram and noted that she, her husband, the tour manager and the driver were all evacuated safely. "Thanking God for our safety and the safety of all of those who helped put this fire out and keep us safe," she wrote. The tour manager told CNN affiliate KTVT that the bus stopped after a rear tire blew out. It burst into flames after everyone had gotten off. Scott also posted an Instagram photo and message saying that the fire destroyed everything in the bus's back lounge except her Bible. The band's two other members, Charles Kelley and Dave Haywood, were not traveling on the bus, KTVT reported. Lady Antebellum is set to perform at the 50th Academy of Country Music Awards on Sunday in Arlington, Texas.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tour bus catches fire on Interstate 30 in northeast Dallas.
Smoke and flames poured from the rear of the bus as traffic slowed.
Band's two other members, Charles Kelley and Dave Haywood, were not traveling.
Thput (tok/s): 34.19 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 163, Total accepted tokens: 163, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)In a broad bipartisan vote, the Senate on Tuesday gave final approval to a Medicare reform bill that includes a permanent solution to the "doc fix," a method the government has used to ensure payments to Medicare providers will keep up with inflation. The bill, which passed 92 to 8, also includes a two-year extension of a popular children's health insurance program. The issue of payments to Medicare providers has been a thorny issue for years.  Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch of Utah called passage of the bill a "major, major accomplishment." "Tonight, the Senate is voting to retire the outdated, inefficiency-rewarding, common sense-defying Medicare reimbursement system," said Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon, the top Democrat on the Finance Committee just before the final vote. The House approved the same bill overwhelmingly more than two weeks ago and President Barack Obama is expected to sign it.  Senate passage came just hours before cuts to physicians would have taken place since the last temporary "doc fix" had already expired. Some conservative senators, including Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz of Texas, balked at the more than $200 billion price of the bill and pushed an amendment to have the costs offset. The bill, "institutionalizes and expands Obamacare policies that harm patients and their doctors while adding roughly half a trillion dollars to our long-term debt within two decades," Cruz said in a statement.  "Any deal should be fully paid for and include significant and structural reforms to Medicare." But that amendment was defeated, as were several others from each party that came up for votes. Earlier, House Speaker John Boehner of Ohio warned the Senate not to change the bill. "Unless the Senate passes the House-passed 'doc fix,' significant cuts to physicians' payments will begin tomorrow," Boehner said.  "We urge the Senate to approve the House-passed bill without delay." Cruz voted against the bill, as did Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida, another Republican running for president. GOP presidential contender Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky voted for the bill.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Senate passes Medicare reform bill that includes permanent "doc fix"
Bill also includes two-year extension of popular children's health insurance program.
Senate passage came just hours before cuts to physicians would have taken place.
Some conservative senators balked at the more than $200 billion price of the bill.
Thput (tok/s): 34.19 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 164, Total accepted tokens: 164, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Caught up in a rip current while snorkeling at Finn's Beach in Bali, Roxy Walsh was holding on to some rocks when she spotted something special. Engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny," the antique ring lodged in the rocks clearly meant something to both Joe and Jenny. But there were no other clues (besides the fact that the words were written in English) as to where the couple might live. When she returned home to Palm Beach, Australia, Walsh was determined to reunite the ring with its owner. She went to the 5,000 members of her company's Facebook page, Kids in Adelaide, to reunite Joe and Jenny with the ring. She also created a "Find Joe and Jenny" page to track them down. "Hi all. It's Roxy here. This is a reaaaallyy long shot but would love some SHARE love on this post to help find Joe. Found this gold ring snorkeling at Finns Beach in Bali today. It's got a family crest on it, and engraved with the message 'Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009. Love Jenny' How amazing would it be to find him! Please click share." The post got shared all over the world. Nine months earlier, Joe Langley had been snorkeling in the same spot in Bali when he lost the ring, which his wife, Jenny, had purchased an antique store and had engraved for his birthday. "I went for a swim, got caught in a rip, decided the rip was going to take me and finished up on the rocks," Langley told Sunshine Coast Daily. "In clawing my way over the rocks, the ring pulled off my finger." The Langleys' 19-year-old granddaughter saw the Facebook post April 9 and made the connection. It turns out that the Langleys are fellow Australians, living in the town of Noosa, just three hours from where Walsh lives in Palm Beach. Walsh had the ring professionally cleaned before she met the happy Langleys in Noosa to return it.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Roxy Walsh was snorkeling in Bali when she found an antique ring.
The ring was engraved with the words, "Darling Joe, Happy 70th Birthday 2009"
The ring was lost by Joe Langley, who was snorkeling in the same spot nine months earlier.
The ring was engraved with the words, "Love Jenny"
Thput (tok/s): 34.20 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 165, Total accepted tokens: 165, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Cairo (CNN)At least 12 people were killed Sunday, and more injured, in separate attacks on a police station, a checkpoint and along a highway in Egypt's northern Sinai, authorities said. Six people, including one civilian, were killed when a car bomb exploded near the police station in Al-Arish, capital of North Sinai, Health Ministry spokesman Hossam Abdel-Ghafar told Ahram Online. He said 40 people were injured. Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis, an ISIS affiliate, claimed responsibility for the attack, which came hours after another operation that the group also claimed. In that earlier attack, a first lieutenant, a sergeant and four conscripts were killed when their armored vehicle was attacked on the highway from Al-Arish to Sheikh Zuweid in northern Sinai, the military said. Two other soldiers were injured and taken to a military hospital. Ansar Beit Al-Maqdis has claimed many attacks against the army and police in Sinai. A third attack Sunday on a checkpoint in Rafah left three security personnel injured, after unknown assailants opened fire at them, according to state media. The attacks come as the military announced a reshuffle of several senior military positions, state media reported. Among those being replaced are the generals in charge of military intelligence and Egypt's second field army, which is spearheading the battle against the insurgents in the northern Sinai. Egypt's army has been fighting a decade-long militant Islamist insurgency, which has spiked since the ouster of Muslim Brotherhood president Mohamed Morsy in the summer of 2013. Hundreds of police and soldiers, as well as civilians, have been killed in militant attacks in the past months. Ian Lee reported from Cairo. Anas Hamdan reported from Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Six people killed in separate attacks on checkpoint, police station, highway.
Attacks come as military reshuffles several senior positions.
Egypt's army has been fighting a decade-long militant Islamist insurgency.
Thput (tok/s): 34.20 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 166, Total accepted tokens: 166, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (HLN)HLN's #MeForReal is an uplifting, revealing conversation about the way we present ourselves online. We want to see the REAL parts of life, the ones that don't get a filter or a Facebook post but are a part of our realities nonetheless. Tag your favorite unscripted, unedited, un-perfected moments using #MeForReal and see what others are sharing on Facebook, Twitter and the Daily Share. The Internet is always quick to dish out judgmental opinions, such as the body-hate people showed to singer P!nk after she posted a photo of herself in a black dress she wore to a cancer benefit this past weekend (which, if you ask us, was pretty fantastic, and she looked fabulous in it.) As a woman with a lot of experience singing to her detractors, though, she knew exactly what to say and how to say it. And when it came to keeping her tongue firmly in cheek while she schooled people who had nothing better to do than be totally rude, she owned it. Clearly, it's not troubling P!nk or her hubs, Carey Hart (who, by the way, is quite handsome himself, so clearly he has rad taste). Not only did P!nk's response rally her fans, but they also started sharing their own photos of themselves post-pregnancy and embracing what P!nk tells her daughter is her "squishiness." Postscript for the haters: We think you just racked up MORE fans for P!nk. Now go look in a mirror, and tell us -- are YOU perfect?<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: P!nk's response to body-hate comments on her photo of herself in a black dress.
She told her fans to "embrace what P!nk tells her daughter is her 'squishiness' "
Thput (tok/s): 34.20 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 167, Total accepted tokens: 167, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Cynthia Lennon, who married John Lennon when he was a struggling musician and was there when he rose to fame with the Beatles, died Wednesday, according to a post on the website of her son, Julian. She was 75. "Cynthia Lennon passed away today at her home in Mallorca, Spain, following a short but brave battle with cancer.  Her son Julian Lennon was at her bedside throughout," his website says.  "The family are thankful for your prayers. Please respect their privacy at this difficult time." John and Cynthia Lennon were married for six years, from 1962 to 1968. The pair met at art school, where Cynthia studied to be an illustrator and John practiced painting -- in between concerts with a band that would become the Beatles. "When we were at art college, I think he was more interested in the music than he was in the art," she told ClassicBands.com. Cynthia Lennon, born Cynthia Powell in 1939, was a stabilizing force for the young John, who lost his mother when he was a teenager and was raised by his Aunt Mimi. "John was always insecure," she said in a 2005 interview, having lost his mother at a young age. But his humor -- and his wildness -- were attractive, she told ClassicBands.com. "He was a rebel. He was outrageous. That was something I hadn't experienced before the age that I was, which was about 16 or 17. I'd had quite a normal, straightforward life," she said. "I was just instantly attracted to him." The two married in 1962, just as the Beatles were making their rise. Their son, Julian, was born April 8, 1963. Lennon's sometimes-brittle personality and his overwhelming fame became a challenge for Cynthia. During her pregnancy, "I was not supposed to be known or heard about. In the wisdom, or lack of wisdom, anything to do with somebody becoming famous, male, was not supposed to be married or have (a) girlfriend." She was threatened by fans and occasionally in danger of being left behind in the band's whirlwind; when the group traveled to Bangor, Wales, to meet with the Maharishi in 1967, Cynthia was caught in a scrum and couldn't make the train in time. She was also there on the 1965 night George Harrison, Patti Boyd and Lennon were dosed with LSD -- an experience she disliked -- and traveled to India with the band in early 1968. The couple divorced in 1968, by which time John was seeing Yoko Ono. Cynthia Lennon married three more times after John and wrote two books about her marriage to the Beatle, "A Twist of Lennon" and "John." She had no contact with the surviving members of the band until meeting up at the 2006 Las Vegas premiere of "The Beatles Love." For all the difficulties and disappointments -- she described Julian, for whom she wrote "John," as "very scarred by life" -- she acknowledged that the whirlwind could also be enthralling. "The whole situation changed my life completely. God knows where I would've been ended up. I probably would've been a schoolteacher with about three or four children in a boring situation," she told ClassicBands.com. "I've had the most amazing life, a wonderful life." She is survived by her son. Her fourth husband, Noel Charles, died in 2013. People we've lost in 2015 . CNN's Josh Levs contributed to this story.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Cynthia Lennon, who married John Lennon, died Wednesday.
She was 75.
Lennon's son Julian says he was at her bedside.
Lennon's sometimes-brittle personality and his overwhelming fame became a challenge for Cynthia.
Thput (tok/s): 34.17 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 168, Total accepted tokens: 168, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year under a new government policy, Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has announced. Currently parents can choose to opt out of vaccinations for medical or religious reasons, or by stating they are "conscientious objectors," and still receive taxpayer funded child care benefits. Under the new "no jab, no pay" policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed starting January 2016. "The choice made by families not to immunize their children is not supported by public policy or medical research nor should such action be supported by taxpayers in the form of child care payments," said Abbott in a joint statement with Social Services Minister, Scott Morrison. Thousands of families could lose out on welfare payments, with the Australian government estimating more than 39,000 children under the age of seven have not been vaccinated because of their parents' objections. The number of children in Australia who have not received immunization against measles and other diseases has almost doubled in the past decade, according to the government. Anti-vaccination campaigns have recently gained traction in Western countries. Some parents believe the shots cause autism, but the theory has been widely discredited. Existing exemptions on medical or religious grounds will continue said Abbott, but guidelines on religious exemptions will be tightened. "It requires the formal position of that religious body being advised to the government and approved by the government. This is a very significant narrowing," Morrison told reporters in Sydney on Sunday. He added that no mainstream religious organizations have made any formal objection to immunizations. In response to the announcement, more than 7,000 people have signed a petition in opposition to the reforms.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Parents who refuse to vaccinate their children can lose up to $11,000 of welfare benefits a year.
Under the new "no jab, no pay" policy, the exemption as a conscientious objector will be removed.
Thousands of families could lose out on welfare payments.
Thput (tok/s): 34.18 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 169, Total accepted tokens: 169, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A New Jersey auction house has removed items from its April 17 event after an uproar from the public. The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps. A grass-roots campaign of a change.org petition, a Facebook page, and mediation by "Star Trek" actor George Takei has resulted in Rago Arts and Auction Center agreeing to pull the items from the sale. "There is an essential discussion to be had about the sale of historical items that are a legacy of man's inhumanity to man. It extends beyond what is legal. It is something auction houses, galleries and dealers are faced with regularly," the auction house said. "We hope this controversy will be the beginning of a discourse on this issue." Takei, who with his family spent time in one of the camps, thanked people for working to stop the sale. According to a comment on the Facebook page "Japanese American History: NOT for Sale," he was working on the issue while on a trip to Australia. "It took a few calls today here in the wee hours, and I'll be issuing a formal statement later, but we can all celebrate a bit today at this news," he wrote. The auction house said 24 lots of an original collection of works of art and crafts were removed. During World War II, about 117,000 people of Japanese descent were forced to live in 10 internment camps. The government called them relocation centers. Many of the people who lived there and their descendants had another phrase for the facilities. They call them concentration camps. Two-thirds of the people who were ordered there were native born U.S. citizens, according to the National Archives. CNN affiliate KGO reported the items were given to historian Allen Eaton, who opposed internment camps. The items were inherited from the historian's estate. Miriam Tucker, a partner with the auction house, said it had hoped the items would go to someone who cared about their historical meaning. "For us, there could be no better resolution than for a suitable museum, foundation or members of the Japanese-American community with the means to preserve this collection to come forward and secure it for education, display and research," she said. KGO reported the people it talked to would like items returned to family members if possible and any other artifacts put in an exhibition. "This was a gift and let the gift come full circle," said Judy Hamaguchi with the San Francisco Chapter of the Japanese American Citizens League. She was referring to a letter the organization sent to the auction house. "It should be returned as a gift." The lots have been packed away for now, said auction house partner David Rago in an email. "Once the dust settles from this auction weekend (1,200 lots in three days) we will work with a small group of people from the Japanese-American community who have identified themselves through this process as generous, informed, voices of reason," he wrote. He said a suitable institution is the best possible home and the auction house will work with the current owner to find the right place. The seller -- known in the auction business as the consignor -- has never been in a position where the items could be donated, Rago said. "But the consignor, who has been a sensitive and dedicated custodian of this collection for over 35 years, has agreed this evening to work with Rago Auctions to secure appropriate placement of Eaton's life work," he added.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Auction house says it hopes the items will go to someone who cares about their historical meaning.
The items are crafts and artifacts made by Japanese-Americans confined to World War II internment camps.
The items were inherited from the historian's estate.
The auction house says 24 lots of an original collection of works of art and crafts were removed.
Thput (tok/s): 34.17 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 170, Total accepted tokens: 170, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Duhok, Iraqi Kurdistan (CNN)In the canvas expanse of the Shariya refugee camp, thousands of Yazidis live within hearing distance of one of Iraqi Kurdistan's frontlines with ISIS. The vast majority of the camp's occupants are from the town of Sinjar and fled the ISIS assault there back in August. But not everyone escaped. ISIS took thousands of Yazidis captive. Men faced a choice -- convert to Islam or be shot. But the Islamist militants separated the young women and girls to be sold as sex slaves. In its fourth edition of "Dabiq," the ISIS online magazine, an article titled "The revival of slavery before the hour," outlines the group's twisted justification and guidelines for the enslavement of the Yazidis. "One should remember that enslaving the families of the kuffar (infidels) and taking their women as concubines is a firmly established aspect of Shariah," the article reads. We're told that women who have just given birth or are breastfeeding are considered impure and cannot be taken as sexual slaves -- but Hanan, 19, was neither of those things. "They separated all of us," she says. "They dragged us away by our hair. They took married women, young ones. The youngest with us was just 10.  We were all crying. "They said we are going to marry you off, you will forget your family." ISIS: Enslaving, having sex with 'unbelieving' women, girls is OK . For the first week, Hanan was held with 50 others, regularly beaten and threatened with torture, and fed just a bowl of rice. The group was then taken to a three story building in Mosul she described as a sex slave warehouse, where hundreds of girls and women were held. "They would line about 50 of us up at a time, in rows of 10.  They would say don't move, don't cry or we will beat you. The men would come in and describe the kind of girl they wanted and then they would pick and choose as they pleased," she recalls. She was eventually chosen, part of a group of 25.  From that group Hanan was separated into a smaller group of seven and taken into a house in a village. 'Treated like cattle': Yazidi women sold, raped, enslaved by ISIS . Two ISIS fighters guarded the door and ordered the girls to clean and bathe themselves. "They brought in a Yazidi girl who had been with them for two months. She was wearing the black niqab. They said to us we are going to do to you what we did to her," Hanan says. "The girl spoke to us in Kurdish and said they beat me, they cuffed me and raped me." Hanan and the others decided they had to try to escape. That night they crawled out the bedroom window. "The fourth girl jumped out, I was the fifth. I crawled to the wall and was about to jump over it and then I saw their flashlight," she tells me. "They caught the last two girls." They ran, and somehow evaded capture.  Four hours later they were out of ISIS territory. "If I just see someone with a beard I start shaking," Hanan says. Now physically free but mentally still captive, Hanan remains tormented -- like so many others, by what she has been through and what those still with ISIS are being forced to endure -- a fate worse than death. Fleeing ISIS -- A Yazidi family's tale .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Yazidis are a minority group in Iraqi Kurdistan.
They fled the ISIS assault in August.
The Yazidis were separated into groups of 25.
The Yazidis were taken to a sex slave warehouse in Mosul.
Thput (tok/s): 34.15 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 171, Total accepted tokens: 171, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Donald Sterling's racist remarks cost him an NBA team last year. But now it's his former female companion who has lost big. A Los Angeles judge has ordered V. Stiviano to pay back more than $2.6 million in gifts after Sterling's wife sued her. In the lawsuit, Rochelle "Shelly" Sterling accused Stiviano of targeting extremely wealthy older men. She claimed Donald Sterling used the couple's money to buy Stiviano a Ferrari, two Bentleys and a Range Rover, and that he helped her get a $1.8 million duplex. Who is V. Stiviano? Stiviano countered that there was nothing wrong with Donald Sterling giving her gifts and that she never took advantage of the former Los Angeles Clippers owner, who made much of his fortune in real estate. Shelly Sterling was thrilled with the court decision Tuesday, her lawyer told CNN affiliate KABC. "This is a victory for the Sterling family in recovering the $2,630,000 that Donald lavished on a conniving mistress," attorney Pierce O'Donnell said in a statement. "It also sets a precedent that the injured spouse can recover damages from the recipient of these ill-begotten gifts." Stiviano's gifts from Donald Sterling didn't just include uber-expensive items like luxury cars. According to the Los Angeles Times, the list also includes a $391 Easter bunny costume, a $299 two-speed blender and a $12 lace thong. Donald Sterling's downfall came after an audio recording surfaced of the octogenarian arguing with Stiviano. In the tape, Sterling chastises Stiviano for posting pictures on social media of her posing with African-Americans, including basketball legend Magic Johnson. "In your lousy f**ing Instagrams, you don't have to have yourself with -- walking with black people," Sterling said in the audio first posted by TMZ. He also tells Stiviano not to bring Johnson to Clippers games and not to post photos with the Hall of Famer so Sterling's friends can see. "Admire him, bring him here, feed him, f**k him, but don't put (Magic) on an Instagram for the world to have to see so they have to call me," Sterling said. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver banned Sterling from the league, fined him $2.5 million and pushed through a charge to terminate all of his ownership rights in the franchise. Fact check: Donald Sterling's claims vs. reality . CNN's Dottie Evans contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: V. Stiviano accused of targeting extremely wealthy older men.
Shelly Sterling claimed Sterling used couple's money to buy Stiviano a Ferrari.
Stiviano countered that there was nothing wrong with Donald Sterling giving her gifts.
Thput (tok/s): 34.14 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 172, Total accepted tokens: 172, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Jason Rezaian has sat in jail in Iran for nearly nine months. The Washington Post's bureau chief in Tehran was arrested in July on unspecified allegations. It took more than four months for a judge to hear charges against him. They remained publicly undisclosed until last week. The Iranian-American will be tried soon on espionage, Tehran's chief justice said. He is accused of economic spying, the Post reported, citing Iranian state media. The Washington Post did not mince words on the allegation. "Any charges of that sort would be absurd, the product of fertile and twisted imaginations," the paper said in a statement. The State Department also reacted with term "absurd" after hearing of reports in Iran's press about the charges. "If the reports are true, these charges are absurd, should be immediately dismissed and Jason should be immediately freed so that he can return to his family," the State Department official said. Since officers picked up Rezaian and his wife, Yeganeh Salehi, on July 22 at their home, the Post, the State Department and Rezaian's family have protested and called for his release. Salehi was released on bail in October. Rezaian was denied bail. And for months, he was denied access to proper legal representation, his family has said. Boxing great Muhammad Ali, also an American Muslim, appealed to Tehran last month to give Rezaian full access to legal representation and free him on bail. "To my knowledge, Jason is a man of peace and great faith, a man whose dedication and respect for the Iranian people is evident in his work," Ali said in a religiously worded statement. The journalist has also not been allowed to see visitors aside from his wife and has endured long interrogations, family members have said. In December, after a 10-hour hearing, Rezaian signed a paper to acknowledge that he understood the charges against him, the Post reported. Iran's human rights chief, Mohammad Javad Larijani, told news outlet France 24 last year that he hoped Rezaian's case would come to a positive conclusion. He said, "Let us hope that this fiasco will end on good terms." More on detained Americans . CNN's Sara Mazloumsaki and Azadeh Ansari contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jason Rezaian has been in jail in Iran for nearly nine months.
He is accused of economic spying.
Rezaian's family has called for his release.
Thput (tok/s): 34.13 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 173, Total accepted tokens: 173, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)NBA player Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury when he was arrested last week after leaving a nightclub in New York. In a statement Tuesday, the guard/forward for the Atlanta Hawks described his injury as "significant," and said it "was caused by the police." Sefolosha suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage when he and teammate Pero Antic were arrested near the scene of the stabbing of Indiana Pacers forward Chris Copeland and two other women early April 8. Police said Sefolosha and Antic were not involved in the stabbing incident, but they were charged with misdemeanors, including disorderly conduct and obstructing governmental administration. TMZ Sports released video last week that shows a group of police officers arresting the 6-foot-7 Sefolosha and taking him to the ground. It also shows an officer within that group getting out a baton and extending it near him, but what may have caused the injury is not clear in the video. Sefolosha appears to be limping as he is led away by officers. New York Police Department Sgt. Daniel Doody said Wednesday that the matter is being reviewed by the Internal Affairs Bureau and would not comment further. Internal Affairs had no comment. Sefolosha did not specify his injury in his statement Tuesday, but the Hawks said last week that he has a fractured fibula and ligament damage, will undergo surgery and will miss the rest of the season, including the playoffs, which begin this weekend. The Hawks enter as the top seed in the NBA's Eastern Conference. Sefolosha, who turns 31 in May, is in his ninth NBA season and his first with the Hawks. He averaged 5.3 points per game this season. "I am extremely disappointed that I will not be able to join my teammates on the court during the playoffs and apologize to them for any distraction this incident has caused," Sefolosha said in his statement. "I will be cheering for them every step of the way and will be diligent in my rehabilitation. "On advice of counsel, I hope you can appreciate that I cannot discuss the facts of the case. Those questions will be answered by my attorney in a court of law. I will simply say that I am in great pain, have experienced a significant injury and that the injury was caused by the police." Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer said in a statement last week, "This is a very difficult situation for Thabo and our thoughts and support will be with him during his recovery. We know that his approach and dedication will serve him well in his rehabilitation. Our team remains focused and will be prepared as we head into the postseason." Antic, a 31-year-old, 6-foot-11 center/forward, missed the April 8 game against the Brooklyn Nets, but has played since then. In a joint statement last week, Sefolosha and Antic said they will contest the charges. According to the Pacers, Copeland underwent surgery on his abdomen and left elbow for stab wounds. He was released from the hospital two days after the incident, according to Bleacher Report. The Pacers, with one regular-season game left, are trying to secure the last spot in the Eastern Conference playoffs. If they do, their first-round opponent would be Atlanta. CNN's Camille Cava contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NBA guard/forward Thabo Sefolosha says police caused his season-ending leg injury.
Sefolosha suffered a fractured fibula and ligament damage when he and teammate were arrested.
Police said Sefolosha and teammate were not involved in the stabbing incident.
Thput (tok/s): 34.12 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 174, Total accepted tokens: 174, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Sometimes the best ideas come from the bathroom. But Gaioz Nigalidze's ideas from the loo were a little too good. The Georgian chess grandmaster has been banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament after officials discovered he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone, which was logged onto a chess analysis app, the Dubai Chess and Culture Club said. Nigalidze's opponent, Tigran Petrosian of Armenia, grew suspicious when Nigalidze kept bolting to the restroom. "The Armenian noticed the Georgian was oddly frequenting the toilet after each move during a crucial part of the game," the Dubai Chess and Culture Club said. When officials first checked Nigalidze, they didn't find any device on him, the club said. But after looking into the bathroom stall he visited, they found the smartphone hidden in toilet paper. At first, Nigalidze claimed the smartphone wasn't his, the Dubai chess organization said. But the phone was logged on to a social media network under his account. "They also found his game being analyzed in one of the chess applications," the chess club said. The infraction has been reported to the International Chess Federation. The Dubai tournament's chief arbiter, Mahdi Abdul Rahim, said players found guilty of cheating will be suspended for three years from all sanctioned tournaments and up to 15 years for a repeated offense, the chess and culture club said. But this wouldn't be an isolated case of cheating in high-stakes chess matches. In 2008, an Iranian player was banned from the Dubai Open after getting help from someone who was watching the game's live broadcast and was sending suggestions via text messages, the Dubai chess club said. Nigalidze's resume includes victories in the 2013 and 2014 Georgian Chess Championships. It's not clear how many times he went to the bathroom during those matches.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Gaioz Nigalidze was banned from the Dubai Open Chess Tournament.
Officials found he was darting to the toilet to consult his smartphone.
Nigalidze's opponent, Tigran Petrosian of Armenia, grew suspicious.
Thput (tok/s): 34.12 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 175, Total accepted tokens: 175, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)While the fight against ISIS in Syria and Iraq holds the world's gaze, a simultaneous transformation is getting less attention: the deterioration of al Qaeda. In an audio message released Sunday, al Qaeda confirmed that two of its leaders, known as Ustad Ahmad Farooq and Qari Abdullah Mansur, were killed in CIA drone strikes in January in North Waziristan, near the Afghan-Pakistan border. Farooq's real name was Raja Mohammad Suleman, al Qaeda said. He was a Pakistani who acted as the group's liaison to the Pakistan Taliban and was the deputy commander of al Qaeda's South Asia branch. (Mansur's real name was Qari Ubaidullah, a Pakistani who oversaw suicide missions against U.S. and NATO troops in Afghanistan). Al Qaeda's South Asia branch is relatively new, announced with some fanfare back in September by al Qaeda's top leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri. The creation of the terror group's South Asia branch was seen by some terrorism analysts as an attempt to steal some of the limelight from ISIS, which is embroiled in a public dispute with al Qaeda for leadership of the global jihad movement. The deaths of the two men continue the decimation of al Qaeda's bench of leaders. On Monday, in the southern Pakistani city of Karachi, local al Qaeda commander Nurul Hassan was killed in a raid, said Arif Hanif, district inspector general of police. Florida-raised Adnan Shukrijumah, 39, who was in charge of al Qaeda's operations to attack the West, was killed in December in a Pakistani military operation. Texas-born Mohanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, who also played a planning role for al Qaeda's operations, was arrested in Pakistan last year. The deaths of Ubaidullah and Suleman underline the fact that there are almost no top leaders of al Qaeda left except al-Zawahiri. Both Ubaidullah and Suleman were Pakistani. This is an indicator of how al Qaeda has become a largely Pakistan-focused group, increasingly able to do nothing of any significance outside of Pakistan or Afghanistan. Indeed, al Qaeda has virtually no capacity to carry out attacks in the West. The last successful al Qaeda attack in the West was the London transportation system bombings a decade ago. Al Qaeda is now reduced only to holding American hostages such as 73-year-old aid worker Warren Weinstein, who was kidnapped from his home in the Pakistani city of Lahore on August 13, 2011. To be sure, al Qaeda's Yemen-based affiliate, al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, or AQAP, continues to pose a threat to American aviation. The group has built hard-to-detect bombs, which it has placed on U.S.-bound flights. Luckily, those bombs were faulty or were detected. The group also trained one of the gunmen who attacked the offices of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in Paris in January, killing 12, but it's not clear if AQAP had any direct role in planning this attack. Meanwhile, ISIS continues to attract Western recruits and also inspire "homegrown" terrorists in the West, but the core al Qaeda organization that killed almost 3,000 men, women and children on 9/11 is on life support. Al Qaeda's confirmation of the deaths of Ubaidullah and Suleman is just one of the latest pieces of evidence for this assessment.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Al Qaeda's South Asia branch is relatively new, announced with some fanfare.
Death of two men continues the decimation of al Qaeda's bench of leaders.
Al Qaeda has virtually no capacity to carry out attacks in the West.
Thput (tok/s): 34.10 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 176, Total accepted tokens: 176, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Eleven channels associated with the French-language global television network TV5Monde went black late Wednesday due to an "extremely powerful cyberattack," the network's director said. In addition to its 11 channels, TV5Monde also temporarily lost control of its social media outlets and its websites, director Yves Bigot said in a video message posted later on Facebook. On a mobile site, which was still active, the network said it was "hacked by an Islamist group." ISIS logos and markings could be seen on some TV5Monde social media accounts. But there was no immediate claim of responsibility by ISIS or any other group. The outage began around 10 p.m. Paris time (4 p.m. ET), and network teams were still working to restore service more than five hours later. According to France's Ministry of Culture and Communications, TV5Monde offers round-the-clock entertainment, news and culturing programming in French that reaches 260 million homes worldwide. It functions under a partnership that consists of the governments of France, Canada and Switzerland, as well as the Wallonia-Brussels Federation. Other networks that provide content to TV5Monde include CNN affiliates France 2 and France 3, France 24 and Radio France International.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Eleven TV5Monde channels go black due to "extremely powerful cyberattack," network says.
Network also loses control of its social media outlets and websites.
Outage began around 10 p.m. Paris time (4 p.m. ET)
Thput (tok/s): 34.11 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 177, Total accepted tokens: 177, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting met on Saturday in its Brooklyn headquarters, a day before the former secretary of state officially announces her campaign for president, according to a Democrat who attended the meeting. Robby Mook, Clinton's soon-to-be campaign manager, distributed a "values statement" at the meeting that outlined what the campaign will stand for, what their goals are and how they plan to win -- something Clinton failed to do in 2008. The campaign's purpose, the document states, is "to give every family, every small business, and every American a path to lasting prosperity by electing Hillary Clinton the next President of the United States." The document makes clear that the campaign will try to avoid mistakes that plagued Clinton's failed 2008 run. Many of the "guiding principles" in the memo mention issues that sunk Clinton's first campaign. The document, according to the source, includes the ideas from Mook, along with a wide array of Clinton's soon-to-be staffers and advisers. The memo maintains that the campaign must remain humble, disciplined and united, something voters in Iowa and others states have said Clinton did not do in 2008. "This campaign is not about Hillary Clinton and not about us," reads the document that was obtained by CNN. In the section about the campaign's guiding principles, the document reads, "We are humble: We take nothing for granted, we are never afraid to lose, we always outcompete and fight for every vote we can win. We know this campaign will be won on the ground, in states." It also calls on campaign staffers to remain "disciplined" and "open to a diverse range of views." "When we disagree, it's never personal. Once a decision is made, we execute it -- together," reads the memo. "We know there will be tough days, but we will bounce back and get back to work." The document also appears to telegraph the name to Clinton's campaign: "Hillary for America." Clinton is planning to launch her presidential candidacy on Sunday through a video message on social media, according to Democratic sources. Shortly after her announcement, Clinton will travel Iowa and New Hampshire, critical early caucus primary and caucus states.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hillary Clinton's campaign-in-waiting meets in Brooklyn.
Document: "We are humble: We take nothing for granted"
Document: "We are never afraid to lose"
Document: "We always outcompete and fight for every vote"
Thput (tok/s): 34.10 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 178, Total accepted tokens: 178, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)No identification, no Social Security card and only a box to live on. John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years. Suddenly, he's set to buy his own place and collect a nice pension. Helinski hit it big thanks to the Social Security Administration, and a big-hearted cop and a case worker determined to untangle major bureaucracy. Charles Inman could not bear to see his 62-year-old ward land back on the street, he told CNN affiliate WFTS. The shelter where the case worker works set Helinski up with a bunk and a locker. But getting him into the system was hard, because Helinski's ID and Social Security cards had been stolen. "He needed to have an identification, but we couldn't get an identification without a birth certificate," Inman said. A hassle all by itself, except that Helinski was foreign born -- in Poland, as an American citizen. "We first had to figure out that we needed a consular record of foreign birth or something like that," said Tampa police Officer Dan McDonald, who pitched in to help Helinski. With those papers squared away, he and Inman got Helinski a driver's license and a Social Security card. Then, Helinski remembered that he used to have an account with a certain Landmark Bank. "Then it became Bank of America," he said. The account was still there, and the Social Security Administration hadn't forgotten about him. It had kept paying Helinski benefits for years, and they had stacked up high. Now Helinski is thinking of buying his own four walls. And he'll have monthly benefits to live on. "I guess I'm exhilarated, excited, you know," he said. McDonald said he and Inman were stunned. "We weren't quite sure what to say."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: John Helinski was homeless and nameless for three years.
Helinski hit it big thanks to the Social Security Administration.
Helinski remembered he used to have an account with a certain Landmark Bank.
Helinski is thinking of buying his own four walls.
Thput (tok/s): 34.11 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 179, Total accepted tokens: 179, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A natural gas line explosion at a law enforcement shooting range in Fresno, California, injured 11 people, including some inmates who were on a work detail there. Others being treated include a county road worker and two sheriff's deputies, Fresno County Sheriff Margaret Mims said. The exact cause of Friday's blast is under investigation, Mims said, but it happened at the spot where a county worker was operating a front loader. The explosion sparked a fire that roared like a jet engine, Mims said. The operator of the front loader was injured but able to walk to an ambulance, the sheriff said. The most serious injuries were suffered by a group of inmates who were assigned to maintenance and cleaning work at the sheriff's firing range. There were 10 inmates near the blast site who were also injured, officials said. Three other inmates at the site were not hurt. Earlier, the sheriff's office included them in the injury count. After the blast, Mims said, two sheriff's deputies who were at the firing range ran toward the fire to move the injured. CNN affiliate KFSN posted a video of the scene that shows a tall ball of fire rising from near a highway. One inmate was airlifted to the hospital, the sheriff said. That inmate and the county worker were undergoing emergency surgery, she said. The others suffered mostly burns. The pair of deputies who provided aid also went for treatment for ringing ears and sunburn-like conditions, she said. Firefighters put out the blaze, revealing a crater at the blast site and a blackened front loader, Mims said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Explosion at shooting range in Fresno, California, injured 11 people.
Officials are investigating the cause of the blast.
The blast sparked a fire that roared like a jet engine, sheriff says.
Thput (tok/s): 34.11 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 180, Total accepted tokens: 180, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It would be easy to laugh off Vin Diesel's prediction that his film "Furious 7" will win an Oscar next year, but not for the reason you might think. After all, the actor was serious when he recently told Variety "It will probably win best picture at the Oscars, unless the Oscars don't want to be relevant ever." But rather than ignore it because it's a glossy, blockbuster action film, some might argue that the movie goes against type for Academy Award nominated films because the cast is so diverse. "Furious 7" hits theaters Friday, months after controversy was stirred about the lack of diversity at the Oscars. There were no actors of color nominated and no women in the directing category, which was dominated by white males. Mexican filmmaker Alejandro Gonzalez Iñarritu went on to win best director for "Birdman." The lack of diversity was so glaring (even with the mostly black cast of the movie "Selma," which received a nomination for best picture) that it spurred the Twitter hashtag "#OscarsSoWhite." In contrast, "Furious 7" couldn't be more racially and ethnically inclusive. The cast includes Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson -- a Samoan/black man -- black actors Christopher "Ludacris" Bridges and Tyrese Gibson, Hispanic performer Michelle Rodriguez, Thai martial artist Tony Jaa, Beninese expatriate Djimon Hounsou and the late Paul Walker, a blue-eyed, blond-haired California native. The filmmakers even went so far as to make sure casting directors in Abu Dhabi and Dubai, where key scenes were filmed, found diverse extras. "We were mainly looking for the diverse look of the (United Arab Emirates)," Miranda Davidson, owner of the casting company, told The National. "They really wanted to make sure we reflected the international feel of the country." Almost since the beginning, the "Fast and Furious" films have had a diverse focus and appeal.  The band of street racers, which encompassed white, black, Asian, Hispanic, male and female and bond as a family, has done well at the box office with each iteration. In 2011, then Boston Globe film critic Wesley Morris wrote, "Go on and laugh your Benetton, Kumbaya, Kashi, quinoa laugh, but it's true: The most progressive force in Hollywood today is the 'Fast and Furious' movies." "They're loud, ludicrous, and visually incoherent," he said. "They're also the last bunch of movies you'd expect to see in the same sentence as 'incredibly important.' But they are -- if only because they feature race as a fact of life as opposed to a social problem or an occasion for self-congratulation. (And this doesn't even account for the gay tension between the male leads, and the occasional crypto-lesbian make-out.)" According to the Motion Picture Association of America's 2014 Theatrical Market Statistics Report, while Hispanics make up 17% of the U.S. population they account for 25% of frequent moviegoers. Likewise, women make up 52% of moviegoers. Entertainment Weekly points out that the film franchise is doing a much better job of reflecting its audience than others in Hollywood. "Despite the films' cumulative worldwide gross of almost $2.4 billion, their racial inclusiveness remains an outlier; American movies are still overwhelmingly white," EW's Chris Lee writes. "According to UCLA's 2015 Hollywood Diversity Report, a mere 16.7% of 2013 films starred minorities in lead roles." At least one moviegoer tweeted that he appreciated the effort. Diesel told EW the franchise has come a long way from the original 2001 film, which featured segregated gangs of racers pitted against each other. "It doesn't matter what nationality you are," the star said. "As a member of the audience, you realize you can be a member of that 'family.' That's the beautiful thing about how the franchise has evolved."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Furious 7" is a racially and ethnically inclusive film.
The film's cast includes Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez.
The film's director is Alejandro Gonzalez Iñarritu, who won best director for "Birdman"
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 181, Total accepted tokens: 181, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A measles outbreak that affected more than 130 Californians since December is over, the California Department of Public Health declared Friday. It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles, the equivalent of two successive incubation periods, said Dr. Karen Smith, director of the health department. The department said in its latest update that 131 people came down with the B3 strain, and five who had a different genotype than the outbreak strain. Of the 131 cases, the state was able to obtain the vaccination status for 81 patients. Of the 81, 70% were unvaccinated. "Prompt investigation of cases, interviewing hundreds of contacts of infected people, vaccinating hundreds of at risk people, and increasing awareness among health care providers about measles, helped to control this outbreak," Smith said. The outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two Disney theme parks in the state. The health department said 42 of the cases occurred from December 17-20. Two patients with rashes have been identified in April, but they have a different measles genotype. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on its website that 19 different strains have been discovered since 1990. Measles is a highly contagious respiratory disease. It causes fever, red and sore eyes, runny nose, cough and a rash. It can cause deadly health complications, including pneumonia and encephalitis. It  is spread by contact with an infected person through coughing or sneezing. It can remain in the air and on surfaces for up to two hours. CNN's Debra Goldschmidt contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Department says 131 people came down with the B3 strain of measles.
Five people had a different genotype than the outbreak strain.
The outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two Disney theme parks in the state.
Thput (tok/s): 34.10 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 182, Total accepted tokens: 182, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)As thousands of South Africans took to the streets of the city of Durban to rally against violence and xenophobia, an online community has joined the protests. The marches follow recent violent attacks on foreigners in the country that have claimed five lives. During the protest march Thursday, Twitter followers voiced their support through hashtag campaigns. #PeaceMarch and #SayNoToXenophobia were some of the most popular. South African Police Services said more than 10,000 people attended the march, including civil rights groups and nongovernmental organizations. Hashtags are now pouring out of South Africa. But many are asking, some via Twitter, is it enough to fight #xenophobia? Attacks this week in Durban alone have killed two immigrants and three South Africans, including a 14-year-old boy, authorities said. For South African Tim Flack, tweeting wasn't going to make a bit of difference. Flack, who lives in Cape Town, has brought allegations of hate speech and human rights violations against Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini, who he said referred to foreigners as "lice" and has said "they should pack their bags and go." "People listen to him," Flack said. "He is a monarch. The Zulu people in South Africa take him very seriously, they don't question what he says." Flack said he was motivated to make the allegations after seeing multiple complaints about xenophobic violence on social media and thinking they weren't enough. So he filed a complaint with the South African Human Rights Commission, and then tweeted about it. "The activists sit around feeling accomplished because they retweeted five times," Flack said. "I want to reach people who see that they can lay a charge and it won't cost them anything, but I will have done something to change the country and push it into a better state of being." Now, the Human Rights Commission must decide whether to investigate Flack's allegations against the King, who denies fueling any violence. Flack hopes others will also make complaints. Flack added that Zulus aren't the only people in South Africa who share in the xenophobic sentiment. "People are frustrated and unemployed, and people in South Africa pay foreign nationals a lot less," he said of the tension between nationals and immigrants. "A domestic worker would ask for 250 rand a day to clean a house, whereas a foreign national would ask for 150 rand, so it causes resentment." Imtiaz Sooliman, founder and chairman of the Gift of Givers Foundation in Durban, doesn't think most South Africans are against foreigners. "South Africans are against xenophobia," said Sooliman, who insists the majority of the country is providing an overwhelming amount of support for foreign nationals. Gift of Givers has been administering assistance at five refugee camps set up by the South African government that now hold roughly 8,000 foreign national refugees, he said, passing out things like clothing and hygiene packs. The organization posts its work at the camps online and tags it on social media with #xenophobia. Why? "In South Africa, everyone knows xenophobia," Sooliman said, "and the way a disaster agency works is we post what people understand. So if you say #tsunami or #war, people follow it. So here, people say #xenophobia, and they all know what it is -- it is a disaster, so you are going to post what people understand." He said South Africans also have been going to the camps, which are on sports fields with makeshift tents, bringing cooked food and other necessities. "This is different from what happened in 2008," Sooliman said. That year, scores were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of Johannesburg. Most of the victims were Zimbabweans who had fled repression and dire economic circumstances. Sooliman said that along with the government strongly condemning the violence, community engagement is happening now as it never happened before. It is a kind of national unity that can be best summed up with another hashtag that has emerged from this story: #WeAreAfrica. Only time, or, tweets will tell if it works.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Twitter followers join protests against violence and xenophobia.
South African Police Services says more than 10,000 people attended the march.
South African Tim Flack says he filed a complaint with the South African Human Rights Commission.
Flack says he was motivated to make the allegations after seeing multiple complaints about xenophobic violence on social media.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 183, Total accepted tokens: 183, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: New York (CNN)A suburban New York cardiologist has been charged in connection with a failed scheme to have another physician hurt or killed, according to prosecutors. Dr. Anthony Moschetto, 54, pleaded not guilty Wednesday to criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on Long Island. He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport. Two other men -- identified as James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- were named as accomplices, according to prosecutors. They pleaded not guilty in Nassau County District Court, according to authorities. Both were released on bail. Requests for comment from attorneys representing Moschetto and Chmela were not returned.  It's unclear whether Kalamaras has retained an attorney. Moschetto's attorney, Randy Zelin, said Wednesday that his client "will be defending himself vigorously," the New York Post reported. "Doctors are supposed to ensure the health and wellbeing of people, but Dr. Moschetto is alleged to have replaced that responsibility with brazen, callous and criminal acts," Acting Nassau District Attorney Madeline Singas said in a statement. Police officers allegedly discovered approximately 100 weapons at Moschetto's home, including hand grenades, high-capacity magazines and knives. Many of the weapons were found in a hidden room behind a switch-activated bookshelf, according to prosecutors. The investigation began back in December, when undercover officers began buying heroin and oxycodone pills from Moschetto in what was initially a routine investigation into the sale of prescription drugs, officials said. During the course of the undercover operation, however, Moschetto also sold the officers two semiautomatic assault weapons as well as ammunition, prosecutors said. Moschetto allegedly told officers during one buy that he needed dynamite to "blow up a building." He later said he no longer needed the dynamite because a friend was setting fire to the building instead. Kalamaras and Chmela are believed to have taken part in the arson, according to prosecutors. "The fire damaged but did not destroy the office of another cardiologist whose relationship with Dr. Moschetto had soured due to a professional dispute," according to the statement from the district attorney's office. Moschetto allegedly gave an informant and undercover detective blank prescriptions and cash for the assault and killing of the fellow cardiologist, according to prosecutors. He also requested that the rival's wife be assaulted if she happened to be present, authorities said. "He was willing to pay $5,000 to have him beaten and put in a hospital for a few months, and then he said he would pay $20,000 to have him killed," said Assistant District Attorney Anne Donnelly, reported CNN affiliate WCBS. The three men are to appear in Nassau County District Court on Friday.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Dr. Anthony Moschetto, 54, pleaded not guilty Wednesday.
Moschetto was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport.
Moschetto allegedly told officers he needed dynamite to "blow up a building"
Moschetto allegedly gave an informant and undercover detective blank prescriptions.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 184, Total accepted tokens: 184, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The U.N. Security Council voted Tuesday in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis -- the minority group that has taken over large swaths of Yemen, including its capital, Sanaa -- and supporters of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh. The resolution "raises the cost" for the Houthis, according to Mark Lyall Grant, Britain's ambassador to the United Nations. In addition to the arms embargo, it also demands that the Shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence and includes sanctions aimed at controlling the spread of terrorism, according to Grant. Russia abstained from Tuesday's vote, saying it didn't like the inclusion of sanctions. In recent weeks, Saudi Arabia has led a coalition that is conducting airstrikes on targets associated with Saleh's supporters and the Houthis, who have emerged as Yemen's most dominant force in recent months. Also Tuesday, Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Saudi Arabian Minister of Defense Prince Mohammed bin Salman bin Abdulaziz agreed to form a joint military commission to discuss the implementation of a major strategic maneuver inside Saudi Arabia, Egypt's state-run Ahram news agency reported. Egypt announced that it would dispatch several naval ships to help halt the rebels' advance. In response to media reports, Egyptian officials said no troops have yet been sent to Yemen. The Houthis forced President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January, though Hadi still claims he is Yemen's legitimate leader and is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to Yemen. Those allied with Hadi have accused the Iranian government of supporting the Houthis in their uprising in Yemen. They include Yemen's current ambassador to the United Nations, Khaled Mahfoodh Abdulla Bahah, who said Tuesday, "We refuse (the) influence of Iran in Yemen affairs." CNN's Richard Roth and Dominique Dodley reported from New York, and CNN's Greg Botelho wrote this report from Atlanta. CNN's Salma Abdelaziz contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Saudi Arabian Minister of Defense agree to form joint military commission.
NEW: U.N. Security Council votes in favor of arms embargo on Houthis.
NEW: Resolution also demands that the Shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence.
NEW: Russia abstained from Tuesday's vote, saying it didn't like the inclusion of sanctions.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 185, Total accepted tokens: 185, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)A trailer for Zack Snyder's upcoming "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" leaked online on Thursday before quickly being taken down minutes later. A YouTube user uploaded the handheld or camera phone capture of the trailer, which had Spanish subtitles on the screen. The trailer begins with a commentator's voice asking, "Is it really surprising that the most powerful man in the world should be a figure of controversy?" As footage of Superman plays, numerous commentators' voices overlap one another with their opinions of the superheroes, including "We as a population on this planet have been looking for a savior" and "Maybe he's just a guy trying to do the right thing." Ryan Gosling in talks to star in "Blade Runner" sequel . A blurred image of Ben Affleck's face appears shortly before a masked Batman appears, followed by the two superheroes coming face to face. The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday. On Wednesday morning, Snyder teased the trailer by releasing a short excerpt on Twitter. "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" will be released on March 25, 2016 and stars Affleck as Batman and Henry Cavill as Superman. The film also stars Amy Adams. How much it costs to get Mark Hamill's autograph at "Star Wars" celebration . ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" trailer leaked online Thursday.
Trailer begins with a commentator's voice asking, "Is it really surprising"
Footage of Superman plays, numerous commentators' opinions of the superheroes.
The highly anticipated footage was set to premiere in Imax theaters on Monday.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 186, Total accepted tokens: 186, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Remains of up to nearly 400 unaccounted for service members tied to the USS Oklahoma at Pearl Harbor will be exhumed this year, the Defense Department announced Tuesday. The hope is that most of the battleship's sailors and Marines can be identified. "The secretary of defense and I will work tirelessly to ensure your loved one's remains will be recovered, identified, and returned to you as expeditiously as possible, and we will do so with dignity, respect and care," Deputy Secretary of Defense Bob Work said in a statement. "While not all families will receive an individual identification, we will strive to provide resolution to as many families as possible." The USS Oklahoma sank when it was hit by torpedoes on December 7, 1941, during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. A total of 429 sailors and Marines on the ship were killed. Thirty-five crew members were positively identified and buried in the years immediately after the attack, according to the Defense Department. By 1950, all unidentified remains were laid to rest as unknowns at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific. In 2003, five more service members were identified, with the help of historical evidence from Pearl Harbor survivor Ray Emory, 93. Emory, a native of Peoria, Illinois, was serving as a seaman first class on the light cruiser USS Honolulu that fateful day. After the war, Emory worked in Washington state before moving to Hawaii about 30 years ago. The retiree made it his mission to ensure graves are properly identified. "It's something I looked forward to for a long time," he told CNN about Tuesday's announcement. Speaking by phone from Honolulu, Emory said that proper identification means a lot to the families of those who lost loved ones -- and to him. Next of kin were being notified starting Tuesday. Service members who are identified will be returned to their families for burial, with full military honors. WWII pilot, 99, reunited with historic C-47 plane . CNN's Phil Gast contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: USS Oklahoma sank during the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor.
A total of 429 sailors and Marines on the ship were killed.
By 1950, all unidentified remains were laid to rest as unknowns at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 187, Total accepted tokens: 187, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Thousands of Syrian and Palestinian refugees trapped in the Yarmouk refugee camp have suffered what can only be described as untold indignities. But while the story is in itself tragic, it is the individual lives at the heart of the camp that make the imperative for humanitarian action so compelling. I encountered two such individuals on my mission to Damascus -- Jihad and Mohammad -- tiny, vulnerable infants who were taken from Yarmouk in recent days, a place that was described last week by the U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon as "the deepest circle of hell." The fact that they are alive truly make them miracle children. Looking into those bright young faces, touching their pristine hands, the logic of our humanitarian mandate -- the mission to protect -- never felt stronger to me. Like the wider Syrian conflict, Yarmouk has a human face; the faces of young Mohammad and young Jihad. I want to introduce you to them in the hope that you, too, will understand why I am firmly convinced that turning away is not an option -- and why the international community must act in a concerted manner to respond to the many tragedies in Syria. Jihad Ya'qoub, the youngest Palestinian refugee to flee Yarmouk, was born on March 30. His mother, Said Fatima, never imagined bringing a child into this world could be so tough. "I was hoping to drink milk and eat eggs during my pregnancy, but our financial situation did allow us to buy these expensive food items," she said. Said Fatima was living in a community where the average person survived on just 400 calories a day. Mohammad was born in Yarmouk on January 25 of this year. When ISIS -- Islamic State of Iraq and Syria -- entered the camp and tensions heightened, his mother, Nadia, fled in search of safety. Her only thoughts were to save the life of her newborn son. Yet she has not lost hope in the possibility of a dignified future. She hopes that if and when life returns to normal, she will be able to live once more with her husband and son in the family home in Yarmouk. These tales of courage and human dignity are a lesson for us all. When I next brief the Security Council, as I did a few days ago, I will tell them about Jihad and Mohammad.  I will continue to press the case for humanitarian access to other children like them inside Yarmouk, other civilians who need help where they are. To do this, hostilities will have to subside. Pressure must be exerted on armed actors in Yarmouk to this end. Beyond that, those civilians wishing to temporarily leave must be allowed to do so safely. These things are all possible. But it takes the necessary political will -- nothing more, nothing less. Yarmouk must be a place where the politics of the possible begin to take hold. I believe they can. Because to abandon such belief would be to abandon Jihad, Mohammad and thousands of other civilians like them. And that is simply not an option.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Thousands of Syrian and Palestinian refugees trapped in the Yarmouk refugee camp.
The U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has described the camp as "the deepest circle of hell"
Jihad and Mohammad are two such infants who have been rescued from the camp.
The U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon has described the camp as "the deepest circle of hell"
Thput (tok/s): 34.10 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 188, Total accepted tokens: 188, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town, South Africa, at the city's airport after receiving information she was leaving the country to join ISIS, State Security Minister David Mahlobo said. "We are still conducting further investigation. The girl over the past period has been using technology on social media platforms interacting with strange people and reading material that suggested she expressed an interest in joining a terrorist group called ISIS," he told broadcaster eNCA. Police and airport security located the girl on a Johannesburg-bound flight, and "we got our agencies to secure all the important exit points in the country. We got her at Cape Town International Airport," Mahlobo said. Virginia teen accused of being ISIS recruiter . It's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged, he said. Officials debriefed the girl's family and released her into the family's care, Mahlobo said. "The recruitment and radicalization of particularly young people to take part in acts of terror is a growing global concern and local law enforcement agencies will continue to work hard in clamping these from materializing," the minister said in a statement Monday. Australia teens suspected of trying to join ISIS stopped at airport .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Girl was leaving country to join ISIS, security minister says.
Police and airport security located the girl on a Johannesburg-bound flight.
Girl's family debriefed her and released her into family's care.
Thput (tok/s): 34.10 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 189, Total accepted tokens: 189, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Deputies rushed Kenneth Morgan Stancil III from court Thursday after the 20-year-old murder suspect swore at a judge and tried to flip over a table. Stancil is accused of killing an employee Monday at Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina. Relatives have said victim Ron Lane was gay, CNN affiliate WNCN reported, and investigators are looking into whether the shooting was a hate crime. Authorities arrested Stancil after he was found sleeping on a Florida beach on Tuesday. Just a few minutes into Thursday's hearing on the first-degree murder charge he faces, Stancil snapped back at the judge after he was offered a court-appointed lawyer. "No, I don't need one," said Stancil, who stood before the judge with his legs shackled and his arms handcuffed in front of him. "You know what I'm saying? I knew I would get life anyway." Superior Court Judge Arnold O. Jones interjected, pointing out that the maximum sentence Stancil faces is the death penalty. "Yes, I know that," Stancil fired back. "But when I knew what I had to do and I knew when I got caught, you know, I knew in my mind that I could get life, I could get the death penalty. You know what I'm saying? Do you follow my topic? I would have killed you, you know what I'm saying, if you're a f---ing child molester." The judge told him not to swear. "I don't give a f--- what you want," Stancil said, lunging forward and lifting up the table in front of him. Deputies quickly corralled him and hustled him from the courtroom. The hearing resumed about 25 minutes later, when Stancil was brought back into the courtroom, this time with his arms handcuffed behind him. When asked again by Jones whether he wanted a lawyer, his response was quick -- and calm. "Yes, sir," he said. In an interview with CNN affiliate WRAL, Stancil described himself as a neo-Nazi and said he hates gay people "with a passion." Stancil had worked for Lane, the school's print shop operator, as part of a work-study program, but was let go from the program in early March because of poor attendance, college officials said. During the interview, and during a court appearance in Florida on Tuesday, Stancil said Lane deserved to die, accusing him of being a child molester who'd made advances in online messages to Stancil's 16-year-old brother. Lane's family has described those accusations as untrue and slanderous. His cousin, Steve Smith, told WRAL that Lane never made sexual advances toward children or anyone with whom he worked. He described him as a loving man who was dedicated to family and friends. "Yes, Ron was gay. But people need to get over it," Smith said. "That's between him and the Lord, him and his savior."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kenneth Morgan Stancil III faces first-degree murder charge.
Stancil is accused of killing an employee Monday at Wayne Community College.
Stancil said he would have killed the victim if he were a child molester.
Judge told Stancil not to swear; he snapped back and tried to flip over a table.
Thput (tok/s): 34.10 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 190, Total accepted tokens: 190, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Garissa, Kenya (CNN)The desks of the small Madrassa are empty. Its 573 students, all male, are staying home after Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta announced three days of national mourning following last week's deadly attack at a nearby university. Only a few kilometers away, 147 people -- mostly students -- were brutally massacred when Al-Shabaab militants invaded the campus in Garissa, a town in northeastern Kenya. We've come to this particular Islamic religious school because the man suspected by Kenyan authorities of being the "mastermind" behind the atrocity -- Mohamed Mohamud -- once taught here. "He was someone who was very quiet, he didn't like too much talk," recalls Sheikh Khalif Abdi Hussein, the principal at the Madrassa. He says he also taught with Mohamud for two years. "When he left the Madrassa, he joined Al-Shabaab. But before, he was normal, just like me and other people." What worries authorities here is exactly that -- Mohamud was Kenyan. But now, say officials, Mohamud is in command of an Al-Shabaab militia based near Kenya's long, porous border with Somalia -- about 118 miles (190km) from Garissa -- who are believed to be responsible for numerous cross-border attacks into Kenya. The Islamist militant group, who are allied with al Qaeda, have been waging a bloody campaign for control of Somalia. With Kenyan troops part of an African Union force deployed in support of Somalia's United Nations-supported government, Kenya has now become a target. Last year, an attack by Al-Shabaab on a shopping center in the country's capital, Nairobi, claimed the lives of 68 people. Now Mohamud stands accused of being behind Thursday's attack -- the deadliest attack in the nation since al Qaeda killed more than 200 people at the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi in 1998. But Mohamud is not Kenya's only homegrown terrorist. The Kenyan Interior Ministry has said at least one of the four gunmen who carried out the attack on the university was also Kenyan. Abdirahim Abdullahi was in his 20s and the son of a government chief. His father says he lost contact with his son in 2013, shortly after he left university. The Kenyan government is concerned that Al-Shabaab is recruiting disaffected youth from inside the country. "Our task of countering terrorism has been made all the more difficult by the fact that the planners and financiers of this brutality are deeply embedded in our communities," President Kenyatta said during an address to the nation in the aftermath of the massacre. Meanwhile, Sheikh Khalif insists his Madrassa has nothing to do with Mohamud's extreme, violent ideas. "This man is a dangerous man, a killer, a criminal," he says. But he was also once a neighbor. And so Kenyans must now look within to tackle this very real threat to the country's -- and the region's -- stability.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta announces three days of national mourning.
Kenyan authorities suspect Al-Shabaab militants behind attack on university.
Kenyan Interior Ministry says at least one of the four gunmen was also Kenyan.
Kenyan government concerned that Al-Shabaab is recruiting disaffected youth.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 191, Total accepted tokens: 191, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson will be reinstated as an active player by the NFL on Friday, the league said. The NFL suspended the 30-year-old football star in November over allegations that last May he disciplined his son, who was 4 at the time, too harshly with a "switch," or thin stick. In a letter, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell told Peterson that his continued participation in the league was contingent on a number of requirements, including that he maintain "an ongoing program of counseling and treatment as recommended by medical advisers," the NFL said Thursday. Also required of Peterson: Avoiding "any further conduct that violates the (NFL's) personal conduct policy or other NFL policies." "Any further violation of the personal conduct policy by Peterson would result in additional discipline, which could include suspension without pay or banishment from the NFL," the league said in a statement. Peterson played in one game last season, a 35-6 win against St. Louis in September, before the league put him on an exempt list September 17 -- keeping him off the field with pay -- in light of his indictment that month in the case. Initially charged with felony child abuse, Peterson pleaded no contest to misdemeanor reckless assault in November in Texas. The NFL then suspended him without pay and he lost his appeal of that sanction the next month. In February, a Minnesota district court judge vacated the decision that upheld his suspension, making Peterson eligible for reinstatement. Bleacher Report: Latest details, comments, reaction . The Vikings issued a brief statement in which they said they "look forward to Adrian rejoining the Vikings." ESPN reported that the team will hold voluntary offseason workouts beginning Monday. The next Vikings' organized team activities begin in late May. It is unclear whether Peterson will attend. He has been unhappy with how the Vikings have handled the matter. Though Peterson dodged jail time with his no-contest plea, he received probation, community service and a $4,000 fine. He also will take parenting classes. "I truly regret this incident," Peterson said after accepting the deal. "I stand here and I take full responsibility for my actions. I love my son more than any one of you can even imagine." Peterson is considered one of the best running backs in the NFL. In 2011 he signed a seven-year contract worth more than $100 million with the Vikings, who were 7-9 last season and failed to make the playoffs. In eight seasons, including last year's abbreviated year, he has rushed for 10,190 yards and averaged a strong 5.0 yards per carry. CNN's Jill Martin and Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NFL suspends Peterson over allegations he disciplined son too harshly.
Peterson played in one game last season.
Peterson has been unhappy with how the Vikings have handled the matter.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 192, Total accepted tokens: 192, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A Tulsa County reserve deputy is on administrative leave after "inadvertently" shooting a suspect with his gun. Police say Robert (Bob) Bates, 73,  thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest, but instead shot the suspect, who later died at a local hospital. The shooting happened after an apparent drug and gun selling operation by the Tulsa Violent Crimes task force  Thursday. Bates, a member of the task force, was part of a group of deputies trying to arrest Eric Courtney Harris, 44, in the parking lot of a Dollar General store. Police say Harris, a convicted felon, sold undercover officers a pistol. When confronted by an arrest team, he fled the scene on foot and police say they "observed him reaching for his waistband area ...causing concern for the deputies safety." After a brief pursuit, police say Harris was forced to the ground, where he continued to resist arrest and "refused to pull his left arm from underneath his body where his hand was near his waistband." It was during this portion of the arrest that police say "the reserve deputy was attempting to use less lethal force, believing he was utilizing a Taser, when he inadvertently discharged his service weapon, firing one round which struck Harris." Harris died at a local hospital and his cause of death is under investigation. Police say Harris admitted to medics at the scene that he may have been under the influence of Phencyclidine, a street drug commonly known as PCP. When asked if another gun was found on Harris, Shannon Clark of the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office says "The suspect was placed in the ambulance and transported so quickly. I have not been told there was a second weapon found on him yet." Deputy Robert Bates, who's been placed on administrative leave during the investigation, received his reserve status from the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office in 2008 and was assigned to the violent crime task force. He had also served as a Tulsa Police officer. When asked by CNN affiliate KTUL whether age may have played a factor in the "inadvertent" shooting, Clark says "did an accident happen? Sure. But is it accredited to his age? Or was it accredited to the rapidly evolving situation? I guess that will be determined in the investigation." CNN's AnneClaire Stapleton, Joe Sutton contributed to this report .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Robert Bates, 73, thought he pulled out his Taser during an arrest.
He instead shot the suspect, who later died at a local hospital.
Harris, a convicted felon, sold undercover officers a pistol.
Police say Harris, who fled the scene on foot, was forced to the ground.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 193, Total accepted tokens: 193, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Chinese police have arrested more than 133,000 people and seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics during a six-month anti-drug campaign, the country's Ministry of Public Security has announced. Authorities also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes -- such as robbery -- and 606,000 cases of drug use during the nationwide campaign to "ban drugs in hundreds of cities," Liu Yuejin, Assistant Minister of Public Security, said Wednesday. The figures were nearly double the same period a year earlier, while the amount of narcotics seized was up by 44.9%, according to the ministry. Liu said drug trafficking groups have "suffered a heavy blow" and drug users have been "forcefully regulated." However, the police also paid a price, Liu said, in quotes carried by the state-run Xinhua news agency. Nine police officers died and another 657 were wounded in the mission, with 76 severely wounded. The ministry rewarded 60 units and 100 people. Liu said China's drug-related problems were still severe, with online drug trafficking an increasing problem. He said the ministry had launched a three-month online campaign starting in April targeting people engaged in drug-related Internet crimes. Over the past nine months, a string of movie and television stars, film directors and pop singers have been arrested and charged over drug related incidents, including Jaycee Chan, son of kung fu movie star Jackie Chan, who was convicted on a drug charge and sentenced to six months in prison by a Beijing court. In August last year, dozens of management agencies representing actors and singers signed an agreement with Beijing authorities banning drug use from the entertainment industry and pledging to sack any artists who broke the law.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Authorities seized 43.3 tons of illegal narcotics during the campaign.
Police also handled 115,000 drug-related crimes.
Police officers died and another 657 were wounded in the mission.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 194, Total accepted tokens: 194, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (Billboard)Fresh off his scorching performance at Coachella Saturday night (and days before his next one on the festival's second weekend), rocker Jack White announced he'll take a hiatus from touring. White will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto" with a brief, first-ever acoustic tour that will hit "the only five states left in the U.S. that he has yet to play," according to White's website. Rounding out the acoustic quartet on tour will be Fats Kaplin, Lillie Mae Rische and Dominic Davis. The shows will be unannounced until day-of-show, with tickets priced at $3 and limited to one ticket per person, to be purchased only at the venue on a first-come, first-served basis. Billboard: Jack White on Not Being a 'Sound-Bite Artist,' Living in the Wrong Era and Why Vinyl Records Are 'Hypnotic' The purposely vague announcement surely has fans (and journalists) scouring the Internet for White's touring history. Unclear is whether White includes his work with The White Stripes, The Raconteurs and Dead Weather in his touring history, or just his solo road work. Presumably, he's including all of his touring, with all bands, as Billboard could find only 29 states in which he has performed as Jack White. Tour dates with White Stripes add another 12 states. That leaves nine states for which we could not find a show for White: Hawaii (where a show is scheduled for tomorrow, April 15), Arkansas, Idaho, Utah, Wyoming, Vermont, Iowa, and North and South Dakota. Billboard: Jack White Plays The Hits, Declares 'Music Is Sacred' at Coachella . Through the process of elimination (surely he has played Boise, Little Rock, and Salt Lake?), our guess as to which five "states" White will play on the brief acoustic run: South and North Dakota, Wyoming, Vermont and ... Puerto Rico? If that's the case, this tour is in for some long jumps, with Puerto Rico to Vermont being a potential beast. (Though shipping acoustic instruments and ribbon mics will be a lot less taxing than a full electrified stage setup.) ©2015 Billboard. All Rights Reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jack White announces he'll take a hiatus from touring.
White will wrap his touring efforts in support of "Lazeretto"
White will play acoustic shows in five states he has yet to play.
White will play acoustic shows in five states he has yet to play.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 195, Total accepted tokens: 195, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sanaa, Yemen (CNN)As the transport plane comes in to land at Sanaa Airport, the deep scars of the brutal conflict tearing Yemen apart are only too clear: wrecked aircraft line the runway, and nearby buildings lie in ruins. To most of the outside world, this war-torn country is off limits, the weeks-long battle between Houthi rebels and Saudi-led coalition forces making it too dangerous to visit, and a no-fly zone rendering its international airport all but obsolete -- but on Tuesday, CNN was granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef, the United Nations Children's Fund. The airport has previously been bombed. Hostilities are likely to resume before the day is out: a brief, peaceful window has been delicately negotiated following a special request from the U.N. -- but it won't last long. Unicef hopes there will be just enough time to deliver vital food and supplies, helping to ease the country's worsening humanitarian crisis. More than 100,000 Yemeni civilians have fled their homes since fighting began, and OCHA, the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, estimates that 15.9 million people here are in need of assistance. The main terminal at El Rahaba Airport is under the control of the Houthi rebels. We can't get near it for fear of provoking trouble. But there is plenty to be done out on the tarmac. Within minutes of touching down, a small army of aid workers is busy unloading huge mounds of much-needed provisions. Gusts of wind blow dust across the runway, as crates and pallets of emergency nutrition and medical equipment pile up rapidly beside the plane. Unicef's team has overcome more than one hurdle just getting it this far -- now they'll have to work out how to distribute it to those most in need in a country paralyzed by a lack of resources. Even before Saudi airstrikes, most of the 25 million people in Yemen required humanitarian assistance to meet their most basic needs, according to the United Nations. As they work, an Air India plane is taxiing away from the terminal. Thousands have fled the country on evacuation flights in recent weeks as the situation in Yemen has deteriorated. But for those who have nowhere else to go and no chance of a flight out, mercy missions by Unicef and other NGOs like it are the only hope. READ MORE: 'A window into hell' - desperate Yemenis flee by boatREAD MORE: Civilian catastrophe looming in YemenREAD MORE: Yemen crisis - how you can help . Bryony Jones contributed to this report .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN is granted rare access on a desperate aid mission by Unicef.
The airport has previously been bombed.
Hostilities are likely to resume before the day is out.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 196, Total accepted tokens: 196, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Their eyes reflect childhoods marked by tragedy. Their faces show wrinkles made deeper by pain and the passage of time. Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children in the 1940s and forced to live thousands of miles away in Siberia. "For me those faces are like maps," Lazar said. "The more you look at them, the more you are discovering." Soviet authorities invaded Poland during World War II and deported hundreds of thousands of Poles. Some were sent to prison camps in the frozen wilderness of central Russia. Many were children. In effect, Moscow stole much of an entire generation of young Poles, a handful of whom Lazar has located seven decades later. During Lazar's interviews, many of the survivors broke down in tears. "It was very traumatic for them," he said. "Some lost mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters -- killed by the Soviets." Lazar remembers hearing 84-year-old Boguslaw Dokurno recall his grandfather's dying wish. Dokurno's grandfather asked his grandson to return home to Poland after his death to retrieve Polish soil and bring it back to his Siberian gravesite. Another exile, Sofia Bocian, told Lazar how her brother escaped their prison camp, leaving her with the horrifying experience of being interrogated by Soviet secret police. Lazar began his professional photography career in 2006 after fully realizing the medium's storytelling power. "For me when you're doing photography -- whether it's conventional journalism or other types -- you want to share something with people," he said. Social media . Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography. Lazar said the interviews surprised him. Despite his subjects' traumatic experiences, "they welcomed me with open arms," he recalled. "They really wanted to share their stories." Fearing for their safety, they couldn't tell their stories publicly until the fall of the Soviet Union. Now that they're in their 80s, time is running out for them to document their struggles. Look at Lazar's images. The faces fill each frame. Each portrait is unique. Before taking each photo, he waited "for the moment when they really started going inside themselves," he said. "Those people are really strong in their souls." Their stories should be documented for history, he said, to remind future generations "not to make the same mistakes." Tomasz Lazar is a Polish photographer. You can follow him on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tomasz Lazar spent hours photographing and interviewing adults who were ripped from their homes as children.
Lazar says the interviews surprised him. Despite their traumatic experiences, "they welcomed me with open arms"
Lazar says the interviews surprised him. Despite their traumatic experiences, "they welcomed me with open arms"
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 197, Total accepted tokens: 197, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A naturalized U.S. citizen pleaded not guilty in Ohio Friday to federal charges of providing material support to terrorists and lying to the FBI. Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, of Columbus, allegedly traveled to Syria for training and wanted to return home to kill Americans -- particularly U.S. soldiers, execution style, the U.S. Department of Justice said Thursday. Mohamud was remanded into custody on Friday. "I am confident in the system working fairly and (in) our client getting a vigorous and aggressive defense," said his lawyer, Sam Shamansky. Mohamud told someone that he wanted to target U.S. armed forces, police officers or other people in uniform, the indictment alleges, adding that "Mohamud's plan was to attack a military facility, and his backup plan was to attack a prison." "Mohamud talked about doing something big in the United States. He wanted to go to a military base in Texas and kill three or four American soldiers execution style," it says. Mohamud allegedly said he was happy that his brother, Aden, died fighting for al-Nusra Front, al Qaeda's largest affiliate in Syria. Mohamud told someone he planned to join Aden in death soon, the indictment says. He became a U.S. citizen in February 2014 and submitted a U.S. passport application days later, according to the indictment. Mohamud traveled to Syria in April 2014 "for the purpose of training and fighting with terrorists," prosecutors said in a news release. To get there, Mohamud bought a one-way ticket to Greece with a layover in Istanbul, Turkey, the Department of Justice said. He skipped the connecting flight "and instead completed pre-arranged plans to travel to Syria." Once there, he trained in shooting weapons, breaking into homes, using explosives and hand-to-hand combat, prosecutors said. Mohamud "also stated that, after completing this training, he was instructed by a cleric in the organization to return to the United States and commit an act of terrorism." CNN's John Newsome contributed to this story.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, 23, of Columbus, Ohio, pleaded not guilty.
Mohamud allegedly wanted to target U.S. armed forces, police officers.
He became a U.S. citizen in February 2014 and submitted a U.S. passport application days later.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 198, Total accepted tokens: 198, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Han and Chewie are back. An ESPN reporter went on a regrettable rant. And we all taxed our brains trying to deduce the date of Cheryl's damn birthday. Here are pop culture's most talked-about stories of the week. Producers of "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" unveiled a nearly two-minute trailer for the upcoming movie, arriving in December. When Harrison Ford shows up with Chewbacca at the end, you can almost hear the Internet's collective squeals. A logic problem from a Singapore math test somehow spread across the Web, leaving millions trying to figure out the hypothetical birthday of someone named Cheryl. We're guessing that most of us cheated and peeked at the answer. Who retires at age 34? Supermodel Gisele Bundchen, who walked what she says was her last fashion-show runway this week in her native Brazil. She'll still keep modeling, though -- and hanging out with her husband, who is apparently a football player of some kind. Oh, Britt McHenry. We all hate having our car towed. But for someone who's on air at ESPN, you don't seem to understand how to behave on camera. Speaking of McHenry, a new book by Jon Ronson explores how social media may go too far in encouraging haters to shame people who make public missteps. Ronson told CNN, "It's so corrosive to create that kind of society." The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston, Texas. Just imagine how fun it'll be for their parents 16 years from now when they all start dating. Fire department, I need you now . Singer Hillary Scott of country band Lady Antebellum had to vacate her tour bus when it caught fire outside of Dallas. Most of her stuff was burned, but her Bible survived. To infinity and beyond . Famed physicist Stephen Hawking, known for his sense of humor, partnered with the silly lads of Monty Python to recreate the "Galaxy Song" from their 1983 film "The Meaning of Life." Duckie dances! Remember Duckie from "Pretty in Pink?" Of course you do. Actor Jon Cryer charmed fans on CBS's "Late Late Show" by reprising his character's record-store dance to Otis Redding's "Try a Little Tenderness," right down to the wall-dancing and counter-bashing.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" trailer arrives in December.
Singapore math problem leaves millions trying to figure out Cheryl's birthday.
Gisele Bundchen, who walked her last runway in Brazil, will still model.
Jon Ronson explores how social media may go too far in encouraging haters.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 199, Total accepted tokens: 199, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Wanted: film director, must be eager to shoot footage of golden lassos and invisible jets. CNN confirms that Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie (The Hollywood Reporter first broke the story). MacLaren was announced as director of the movie in November. CNN obtained a statement from Warner Bros. Pictures that says, "Given creative differences, Warner Bros. and Michelle MacLaren have decided not to move forward with plans to develop and direct 'Wonder Woman' together." (CNN and Warner Bros. Pictures are both owned by Time Warner.) The movie, starring Gal Gadot in the title role of the Amazon princess, is still set for release on June 23, 2017. It's the first theatrical movie centering around the most popular female superhero. Gadot will appear beforehand in "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice," due out March 25, 2016. In the meantime, Warner will need to find someone new for the director's chair.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN confirms that Michelle MacLaren is leaving the upcoming "Wonder Woman" movie.
MacLaren was announced as director of the movie in November.
The movie, starring Gal Gadot in the title role of the Amazon princess, is still set for release on June 23, 2017.
Thput (tok/s): 34.10 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 200, Total accepted tokens: 200, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)When Etan Patz went missing in New York City at age 6, hardly anyone in America could help but see his face at their breakfast table. His photo's appearance on milk cartons after his May 1979 disappearance marked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. On Friday, more than 35 years after frenzied media coverage of his case horrified parents everywhere, a New York jury will again deliberate over a possible verdict against the man charged in his killing, Pedro Hernandez. He confessed to police three years ago. Etan Patz's parents have waited that long for justice, but some have questioned whether that is at all possible in Hernandez's case. His lawyer has said that he is mentally challenged, severely mentally ill and unable to discern whether he committed the crime or not. Hernandez told police in a taped statement that he lured Patz into a basement as the boy was on his way to a bus stop in Lower Manhattan. He said he killed the boy and threw his body away in a plastic bag. Neither the child nor his remains have ever been recovered. But Hernandez has been repeatedly diagnosed with schizophrenia and has an "IQ in the borderline-to-mild mental retardation range," his attorney Harvey Fishbein has said. Police interrogated Hernandez for 7½ hours before he confessed. "I think anyone who sees these confessions will understand that when the police were finished, Mr. Hernandez believed he had killed Etan Patz. But that doesn't mean he actually did, and that's the whole point of this case," Fishbein has said. But in November, a New York judge ruled that Hernandez's confession and his waiving of his Miranda rights were legal, making the confession admissible in court. Another man's name has also hung over the Patz case for years -- Jose Antonio Ramos, a convicted child molester acquainted with Etan's babysitter. Etan's parents, Stan and Julia Patz, sued Ramos in 2001. The boy was officially declared dead as part of that lawsuit. A judge found Ramos responsible for the boy's death and ordered him to pay the family $2 million -- money the Patz family has never received. Though Ramos was at the center of investigations for years, he has never been charged. He served a 20-year prison sentence in Pennsylvania for molesting another boy and was set to be released in 2012. He was reportedly immediately rearrested upon exiting jail in 2012 on failure to register as a sex offender. Since their young son's disappearance, the Patzes have worked to keep the case alive and to create awareness of missing children in the United States. In the early 1980s, Etan's photo appeared on milk cartons across the country, and news media focused in on the search for him and other missing children. "It awakened America," said Ernie Allen, president and chief executive officer of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children. "It was the beginning of a missing children's movement." The actual number of children who were kidnapped and killed did not change -- it's always been a relatively small number -- but awareness of the cases skyrocketed, experts said. But the news industry was expanding to cable television, and sweet images of children appeared along with destroyed parents begging for their safe return. The fear rising across the nation sparked awareness and prompted change from politicians and police. In 1984, Congress passed the Missing Children's Assistance Act, which led to the creation of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children. Former President Ronald Reagan opened the center in a White House ceremony in 1984. It soon began operating a 24-hour toll-free hot line on which callers could report information about missing boys and girls. Joe Sterling and CNN's Lorenzo Ferrigno contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Etan Patz's parents have waited 35 years for justice.
Hernandez has been repeatedly diagnosed with schizophrenia.
Police interrogated Hernandez for 7½ hours before he confessed.
Hernandez told police he lured Patz into a basement.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 201, Total accepted tokens: 201, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Canadian actor Jonathan Crombie, who co-starred in the "Anne of Green Gables" TV movies, died this week at age 48. Crombie died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage, "Anne of Green Gables" producer Kevin Sullivan said. "It's a real tragedy to see someone at age 48 go like that," he said. "I will remember him as someone who worked extremely hard to make the roles he played onscreen come to life." Based on Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery's children's books, "Anne of Green Gables" debuted in Canada on CBC TV in 1984 and became a cultural touchstone. The plot focused on the adventures of fiery orphan Anne Shirley, played by Megan Follows, who is sent to live on a farm in Prince Edward Island. Crombie played Gilbert Blythe, who evolves over time from Anne's pigtail-tugging tormentor to friend to husband. Follows and Crombie reprised the roles in the sequels "Anne of Avonlea" (1987) and "Anne of Green Gables: The Continuing Story" (2000). The movies were carried in the United States by the Disney Channel and PBS, drawing a cult following beyond Canada and extending to Japan, which made its own animated series based on the books. Crombie, son of former Toronto Mayor David Crombie, was cast in the role at 17, beating out other aspiring Canadian actors of the era, including Jason Priestly, Sullivan said. Despite his lack of acting experience, Crombie's boy-next-door looks and cool demeanor made him the perfect actor to star opposite Follows, Sullivan said. "It was an amazing chemistry between him and Megan Follows," Sullivan said. "There was a lot of affection, but they kind of grounded each other." The movies spawned various spinoffs, including "Road to Avonlea," starring child actor Sarah Polley, and turned Anne's fictional home on Prince Edward Island into a popular tourist destination. The role made Crombie a heartthrob of his time, a sentiment expressed by many fans in the wake of his death. As one person said on Twitter, "I don't know any female Canadian from my generation that *didn't* have at least a little bit of a crush on Jonathan Crombie as Gilbert." Crombie went on to play roles in other American and Canadian TV shows, including "21 Jump Street" and "The Good Wife," but even his Facebook page acknowledges he is best known for his portrayal of Gilbert Blythe. Crombie's sister told CBC News that her brother happily answered to the name Gil when greeted by fans in public. "I think he was really proud of being Gilbert Blythe," she said. "He really enjoyed that series and was happy, very proud of it -- we all were." People we've lost in 2015 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jonathan Crombie died Wednesday from complications of a brain hemorrhage.
Crombie died at age 48, based on Canadian author Lucy Maud Montgomery's books.
Crombie was best known for his role in "Anne of Green Gables" TV movies.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 202, Total accepted tokens: 202, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)This week's attack on Garissa University College is Al-Shabaab's fifth major assault in Kenya in the past year and a half. The Thursday massacre was the most deadly assault so far, with 147 dead, easily eclipsing the terrorist group's most notorious attack, a four-day siege in late September 2013 at the Westgate Mall in Nairobi in which 67 people were killed. After the Westgate attack, Al-Shabaab unleashed a string of attacks in Kenya that have killed more than 100 people -- assaulting the coastal town of Mpeketoni on June 16, 2014; shooting bus passengers who could not recite the Quran on November 22, 2014; and then, days later, executing Christian quarry laborers. Why is Al-Shabaab, a Somali nationalist, Islamist group affiliated with al Qaeda, targeting Kenya? Al-Shabaab says its attacks are to protest the more than 3,500 Kenyan soldiers participating in the African Union peacekeeping mission in Somalia. But if that is the case, why doesn't Al-Shabaab target Kenyan military bases rather than attacking undefended so-called soft targets such as Kenyan malls and universities? In fact, Thursday's attack on the university is one more sign of the weakness of Al-Shabaab, which has steadily been losing ground for years in Somalia as a result of the African Union forces fighting them there, as well as a covert U.S. drone and Special Operations Forces campaign that has also degraded the group's capabilities. In 2006, Al-Shabaab controlled the Somali capital of Mogadishu and, in the following years, much of central and southern Somalia. Six years later, African Union forces had recaptured Mogadishu, parts of southern Somalia and critical cities such as Kismayo. The loss of Kismayo, Al-Shabaab's last city stronghold and an important port, took a financial toll on the group. Ground battles with African Union forces have decimated Al-Shabaab's rank-and-file, while U.S. drone strikes and Special Operations raids have killed some of the group's leaders. In the past four years, according to a count by New America, the U.S. has launched a dozen drone strikes and six Special Operations raids against Al-Shabaab. These strikes and raids -- almost all occurring in southern Somalia -- have targeted the terrorist group's training camps and leaders. American drones or special operators have killed 10 leaders: Aden Hashi Ayro, the top commander; Ahmed Abdi Godane, Ayro's successor; a top commander, Sheikh Muhidin Mohamud Omar; Saleh Ali Saleh Nabhan, a senior official who operated training camps; commander Jabreel Malik Muhammed; Bilal al-Berjawi, the deputy of military leader Fazul Abdullah Mohammed; chief bomb-maker Ibrahim Ali Abdi; intelligence chief Tahlil Abdishakur; Yusef Dheeq, the chief of external operations and planning for intelligence and security; and Adan Garar, who was involved in planning the Westgate Mall attack. Al-Shabaab has been unraveling for years. Thursday's attack should remind the world that the group is a pale shadow of the organization that once dominated much of Somalia but now is reduced to high profile attacks against undefended civilian targets.​ .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Al-Shabaab says its attacks are to protest the more than 3,500 Kenyan soldiers participating in the African Union peacekeeping mission in Somalia.
Al-Shabaab has been unraveling for years.
Thursday's attack on the university is one more sign of the weakness of Al-Shabaab.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 203, Total accepted tokens: 203, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)From the giant sequoias of Yosemite to the geysers of Yellowstone, the United States' national parks were made for you and me. And for Saturday and Sunday, they're also free. Though most of the National Park Service's 407 sites are free year-round, the 128 parks that charge a fee -- like Yellowstone and Yosemite -- will be free those two days. It's all part of National Park Week, happening April 18 through April 26, and it's hosted by the National Park Service and the National Park Foundation. Check out night-time astronomy parties, daytime Revolutionary War programs, Earth Day parties and family-friendly Junior Ranger activities at national park sites across the country. Not sure how to start? Go to FindYourPark.com to learn more about park sites near you. Go to www.nationalparkweek.org for more ideas on how to explore. Then the park service wants people to share their stories using the hashtag #FindYourPark and at FindYourPark.com.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: National Park Week is April 18 through April 26.
The 128 parks that charge a fee -- like Yellowstone and Yosemite -- will be free.
Check out night-time astronomy parties, daytime Revolutionary War programs.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 204, Total accepted tokens: 204, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)An American citizen was wounded by gunfire Thursday as she drove from the medical school in Karachi, Pakistan, where she works, police said. Debra Lobo, a 55-year-old California native, was shot in the right cheek and left arm and is unconscious but expected to survive, according to Mohamad Shah, a Karachi police spokesman. Police found pamphlets that the assailants had thrown into Lobo's car, written in Urdu, saying "America should be burnt," Shah said. Lobo had left the Jinnah Medical and Dental College, where she works as vice principal, to pick up her two daughters from school. Two assailants on a passing motorcycle shot her while she was driving, Shah said. "Our U.S. Consulate General in Karachi is in close contact with Pakistani authorities and is working to obtain more information," said a U.S. Embassy spokesperson. Lobo is being treated at the Karachi's Aga Khan Hospital, said Shah. She has lived in Pakistan since 1996 and is married to a Christian Pakistani who is a librarian at the American School in Karachi. Karachi police are investigating, Shah said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Debra Lobo, 55, was shot in the right cheek and left arm.
She is unconscious but expected to survive, police say.
Lobo was driving from the medical school where she works.
She has lived in Pakistan since 1996 and is married to a Christian Pakistani.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 205, Total accepted tokens: 205, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Duckie's still got moves. On Tuesday night's "Late Late Show" on CBS, actor Jon Cryer reprised the character's record-store dance to Otis Redding's "Try a Little Tenderness," right down to the wall-dancing, the counter-bashing and, of course, the trademark white shoes. In the original scene, one of the best-loved bits from the 1986 John Hughes film, Cryer dances around a record store, lip-syncing the song as he tries to win the affection of Molly Ringwald's Andie. In Tuesday's recreation, he dances in tandem with host James Corden, who tweeted that he'd "fulfilled a childhood dream" by re-creating the scene with Cryer -- who turned 50 on Thursday. "I watched that 'Try a Little Tenderness' dance routine so many times, the tape on the VHS wore out," Corden said on the show. Like Cryer, who has most recently appeared on "Two and a Half Men," many of the film's original fans are well into middle age. But still some may have squealed like teenagers when they saw the routine.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jon Cryer reprised the character's record-store dance to Otis Redding's "Try a Little Tenderness"
Cryer dances in tandem with host James Corden, who tweeted that he'd "fulfilled a childhood dream"
Cryer has most recently appeared on "Two and a Half Men"
Thput (tok/s): 34.10 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 206, Total accepted tokens: 206, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Editor's Note: Ines Dumig was recently announced as a CENTER Grant Recipient. Sahra, a Somali refugee, left her home at 14 years old. Throughout her journey in search of asylum, she managed to overcome dangers and discomforts. But she never gave up, and she continuously reminded herself to keep going. She's the focus of Ines Dumig's photo series "Apart Together." Dumig met Sahra through a photo workshop at Refugio, a shelter in Munich, Germany, for refugees and torture victims. What drew Dumig to Sahra specifically was her strength and her ability to effectively reflect on all of her experiences. "It really impressed me how she deals with everything," Dumig said. "She's strong in her way of connecting with the culture here and also reflecting on what happened, the culture where she comes from." The number of refugees seeking asylum in the European Union increased by 25% last year, with Germany receiving the most applications. One of the reasons Dumig decided to photograph Sahra is because growing up in Germany made Dumig realize that she lived a fortunate lifestyle. Another reason has to do with Dumig's interest in people's emotions and finding one's identity. "I realized so many people want to come to Europe, and I always had the feeling to disappear or to go away," Dumig said. "Seeing how people live in other parts of the world made me realize how privileged I am." "Apart Together" serves not only as a documentation of Sahra, but as a far-reaching story about people from all backgrounds. The title of Dumig's work refers to the fact that although people may be physically apart from one another, the comparable feelings they experience are what link all people together. "Sometimes we feel strong, sometimes we feel lost -- that's kind of universal, I think," Dumig said. "That's why I want to universalize (Sahra's) story as well, not only make it about her." The underlying themes of "Apart Together" include the feelings of isolation and "otherness" and the search for a valuable human dignity. Social media . Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography. "Every one of these (refugees) have strong stories, and in the bureaucratic system, they are just a number or a document," Dumig said. "But they are a person, they are people with emotions and lives." Sahra is currently under the status of "suspension of deportation," meaning German immigration officials may grant her discretionary relief from deportation. Dumig describes Sahra as someone living through an unresolved situation. Regardless of the challenges Sahra faces as a refugee in Germany, she is a survivor and the embodiment of resilience, determined to establish a new life for herself. She has learned to speak German fluently, and she has started working in the nation as well. Like an unsolved photographic puzzle, each photo within "Apart Together" provides a piece of insight into Sahra's experiences. There is no certain and clear way in which to arrange the pieces, because they are a representation of the fragmented nature of Sahra's life. Many of Dumig's photos are not of Sahra herself, but instead show her surroundings. This makes "Apart Together" rich in symbolism and challenges viewers to develop their own perceptions. The photos are powerful because of this symbolic nature, as there are infinite interpretations attached to each one. "I think everyone interprets by themselves, by however way they perceive it through their own experience. That's up to the viewer," Dumig said. "It depends on who looks at the pictures. ... Everyone will see something different." "Apart Together" allowed Dumig to share various special moments with Sahra, and they were both able to learn from each other. "It was just something we both got something out of," Dumig said. Ines Dumig is a photographer based in Germany.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sahra is a Somali refugee who has been in Germany for 14 years.
She is currently under the status of "suspension of deportation"
Dumig says she was drawn to Sahra because of her strength and ability to reflect.
She says she realized how privileged she is to be in Germany.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 207, Total accepted tokens: 207, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Hockey player Jarret Stoll of the L.A. Kings was arrested Friday at the swimming pool of a Las Vegas resort on a drug-possession charge, CNN affiliate KSNV reported, citing a police spokesman. Stoll, 32, was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy, according to KSNV. He was released from the Clark County Detention Center late Friday on $5,000 bail. The Kings said in a statement, "We are aware of police reports out of Clark County, Nevada regarding Jarret Stoll. Our organization is concerned and has begun conducting a thorough internal investigation. While we continue to actively gather facts, we are withholding further comment at this time." The Canadian player is a center and has been with the Kings since 2008. The Kings, who won the Stanley Cup two of the past three seasons, did not make the NHL playoffs this season. He is reportedly involved with TV personality Erin Andrews, who is a Fox Sports reporter and co-hosts "Dancing with the Stars." CNN contacted the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department to confirm details on Stoll's arrest, but according to the dispatcher no information was available until the beginning of the week.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jarret Stoll of the L.A. Kings was arrested Friday at the swimming pool of a Las Vegas resort.
He was charged with possession of controlled substances, including cocaine and ecstasy.
The Canadian player is a center and has been with the Kings since 2008.
Thput (tok/s): 34.10 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 208, Total accepted tokens: 208, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)At first police in Marana, Arizona, thought the shoplifted gun Mario Valencia held as he walked through a busy office park was locked and unable to fire. The cable through the lever and trigger couldn't be taken off, an officer was told by an employee of the Walmart where Valencia took the gun and some rounds of ammunition. But just 10 seconds after the worker told police that ... a shot. Valencia had fired into the air, and less than a minute later a police car slammed into him in a move that ended a crime spree and sparked nationwide discussion on the officer's unusual tactic. The 36-year-old Valencia was hospitalized and within a few days transferred to jail where he faces 15 charges, including shoplifting the .30-30 rifle. That February morning, police have said, Valencia committed several crimes in nearby Tucson before stealing a car and driving to the Walmart in Marana. There he went to the sporting goods department, asked to see a rifle, then told an employee he wanted the ammunition. Officer who drove into suspect justified, chief says . The woman told police she gave Valencia the rounds because he told her he would break the case with the bullets inside. He also told her not to do anything stupid. In spite of that she also said she didn't feel threatened, leading police to charge him with shoplifting and not armed robbery. Walmart told CNN's Miguel Marquez that  the store clerk acted appropriately, even using a code to alert security to call police. Valencia took the gun and ammo and fled into a nearby business park where he encountered an officer in a slow-moving patrol car. At one point he pointed the weapon at an officer and at another he pointed it at his head. The officer told him several times to put down the gun, police have said. The officers that were tailing him assumed that he likely couldn't shoot anyone because of the store's lock. Marana police on Thursday said the cable gun lock was still on the rifle when it was recovered. But the wire that goes through the trigger and the lever to reload the gun were loose enough to allow it to still be used, police said. It also should have been wrapped through the lever twice, not once, police said. A Walmart spokesman told CNN that the rifle had been properly locked and might have been affected by the hard blow caused by the police car. Valencia, who is in Pima County Jail, will appear in court again on May 18.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police in Marana, Arizona, thought the gun was locked and unable to fire.
The cable through the lever and trigger couldn't be taken off, an officer was told.
Valencia had fired into the air, and less than a minute later a police car slammed into him.
Valencia was hospitalized and within a few days transferred to jail.
Thput (tok/s): 34.10 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 209, Total accepted tokens: 209, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Two Delaware boys are in a coma and their father still is unable to talk or move two weeks after they became sick -- perhaps from pesticide exposure, federal officials say -- during a trip to the U.S. Virgin Islands, their lawyer said Saturday. Steve Esmond, his teenage sons and the teens' mother fell ill more than two weeks ago in St. John, where they were renting a villa at the Sirenusa resort. The family was airlifted to hospitals in the United States. The boys, 16 and 14, were in critical condition at a Philadelphia hospital on Saturday, the family's lawyer, James Maron of Delaware, said. "The boys are in rough shape," Maron said. "The family are all fighters," he added. "They're fighting for everything right now. I understand it's a long recovery." Esmond, also being treated at a hospital, is conscious but cannot move, Maron said. The teens' mother, Theresa Devine, was treated at a hospital but released, and is now in occupational therapy, Maron said. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said Friday that the presence of a pesticide at the rented villa in St. John may have caused the illnesses, which were reported to the EPA on March 20. Paramedics were called to the villa, which the family began had been renting since March 14. Esmond was found unconscious; the boys and their mother were having seizures, Maron said. The lawyer did not say who called the paramedics. Elias Rodriguez, an EPA spokesman, said the agency's preliminary test results "do show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the family was staying." Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects, including central nervous system and respiratory system damage, according to the EPA. The use of the pesticide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity. It's not allowed to be used indoors. Only certified professionals are permitted to use it in certain agricultural settings. "It's an ongoing investigation; we're still on the island doing our assessment," Rodriguez said. "We have been doing different types of air sampling and wipe sampling." Final test results were expected next week. The EPA said it is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on March 18 and whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated. Maron, the family's attorney, declined to comment on the investigation. Depending on the season, the luxury villa where the family stayed rents between $550 and $1,200 per night. Sea Glass Vacations, which acts as a rental agent for several units at Sirenusa, said the unit directly below the one where the family stayed was recently treated for pests, but their unit was not treated. The company said it licensed an outside company, Terminix, for the pest control services. "Sea Glass Vacations does not treat the units it manages for pests but instead relies on licensed professionals for pest control services," the company said in a statement. The U.S. Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter, according to a U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing made Monday by ServiceMaster Global Holdings, the parent company of Terminix. In an email to CNN, a spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is "committed to performing all work ... in a manner that is safe for our customers, employees, the public and the environment" and is "looking into this matter internally, and cooperating with authorities." "We're thinking about the family, and we join the community in wishing them a speedy recovery," Terminix wrote. The SEC filing described the injuries to the family members as "serious."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Delaware boy, 16, and 14-year-old son in critical condition at hospital.
Family was airlifted to U.S. after family fell ill in St. John, U.S. Virgin Islands.
EPA says family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on March 18.
Family's lawyer: "They're fighting for everything right now"
Thput (tok/s): 34.10 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 210, Total accepted tokens: 210, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)ISIS claimed responsibility for a suicide car bomb attack Friday near the U.S. Consulate in the Kurdish Iraqi city of Irbil, according to several Twitter accounts linked to the terror group. The U.S. Consulate was the target of the attack, ISIS said. At least four people were killed and 18 injured, police said. All U.S. Consulate personnel were safe and accounted for following the explosion, U.S. State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said. Irbil is the capital of Iraq's semi-autonomous Kurdistan Regional Government. Police said the incident began with an explosion of a small improvised bomb in the area. After that blast, a car moved in the direction of the consulate. Security personnel fired at the car, which exploded but did not reach the consulate, a police official said. It appeared that people inside the car detonated explosives that the vehicle was carrying, according to the police official. A separate official, B.G. Hazhar Ismail, said three civilians were killed and five others were injured. Ismail is a spokesman for the Peshmerga, the  force that defends Iraq's Kurdish region. The blast sent a huge fireball into the sky on a street parallel to the consulate. Dark smoke filled the air, and gunfire was heard intermittently for the next hour. One witness said he saw attackers in a gunbattle with consulate security and police. Helicopters circled the neighborhood where the blast occurred, and a loudspeaker at the consulate building warned people to stay indoors and away from windows. In addition to the U.S. Consulate, the blast occurred immediately across the street from a strip of bars, cafes and shops popular with expats and consulate employees. The State Department thanked the response by the Kurdish government and will investigate the bombing together with them. "The United States will continue to stand with the people of the Iraqi Kurdistan Region and all Iraqis as we work together in confronting these terrorist acts and towards our shared goal of degrading and defeating (ISIS)," the department said in a statement. CNN's Kareem Khadder and Jason Hanna and journalist Mat Wolf contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: U.S. Consulate was target of attack, ISIS says.
At least four people killed, 18 injured, police say.
Explosion began with blast of small improvised bomb.
Security personnel fired at car that exploded but did not reach consulate.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 211, Total accepted tokens: 211, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)More than 300 suspects have been arrested in South Africa in connection with deadly attacks on foreigners that have forced thousands to flee, the government said Sunday. "We once again unequivocally condemn the maiming and killing of our brothers and sisters from other parts of the continent,"  the government said. "No amount of frustration or anger can justify these attacks and looting of shops." Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban. The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans, including a 14-year-old boy, authorities said. Heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes after local residents accused immigrants from other African nations of taking their jobs. The government praised law enforcement agencies for stopping further bloodshed in Durban. "We believe that their commitment to duty has prevented injuries and even deaths that could have happened if they security forces had not acted," it said. The xenophobic sentiment is certainly not representative of all South Africans. "There has been an outpouring of support from ordinary South Africans who are disgusted with the attacks not only because they are foreign, or African, but because they are fellow human beings," said Gift of the Givers charity, which is helping those seeking refuge. The charity said last week that about 8,500 people had fled to refugee centers or police stations because of the violence. South Africa's government implored citizens to remember the country's history of overcoming challenges with the support of African neighbors. "During the Apartheid many South Africans fled persecution and death at the hands of the Apartheid government," it said in its statement. "Africa opened its doors and became a home away from home for many South Africans." President Jacob Zuma has canceled a trip to Indonesia and visited displaced foreign nationals in Chatsworth to express his support, the government said. The Gift of the Givers charity assured immigrants that it has a facility in Johannesburg to help those who might need shelter there. "We have tents and all essential supplies on standby but pray that sanity prevails and this does not become necessary," it said. In the past, Johannesburg has been the epicenter of anti-immigrant tensions. In 2008, scores were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of Johannesburg. Most of the victims were Zimbabweans who had fled repression and dire economic circumstances. In that attack, police arrested more than 200 people for various crimes including rape, murder, robbery and theft. CNN's Larry Register contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: More than 300 suspects have been arrested in South Africa in connection with deadly attacks on foreigners.
Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban.
Heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes after local residents accused immigrants of taking jobs.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 212, Total accepted tokens: 212, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The boy who asked a church to help him find a forever parent finally has one. Desperate for a home in 2013, Davion Navar Henry Only dressed up in a suit and borrowed a Bible from the boys home where he lived. Then he headed to a St. Petersburg, Florida, church to make a plea for his own adoption. Now 16 years old, he had lived his entire life in foster care, bouncing from one home to another. The older he got, the less likely it was that he would be adopted. But the Tampa Bay Times documented his journey, and a video of his plea went viral. Thousands of calls came into his agency, and a minster's family in Ohio asked him to come live with them. But he got into a fight with one of their sons, and they sent him back to Florida. Forever wasn't forever in that case. And to the people who asked what went wrong, his social worker had the answer. "That boy spent his whole life in the system, that's what went wrong," Connie Going told the Tampa Bay Times. Photo helps gets teen adopted . For a year, he went through four more foster homes and wouldn't speak about what happened in Ohio. Finally, he reached out to Going, the woman who had been there for him since he was 7. Only had repeatedly asked her to adopt him, but she didn't think that she could be enough for him. She already had three children, ages 21, 17 and 14. But something changed in that latest call, and she knew she would finally say yes. So did her three children. Going rented a larger house, and Only moved into the home after his new mom passed the home study. His official adoption date is April 22. "I guess I always thought of you as my mom," Only told her before Christmas. "Only now I get to call you that for real, right?"<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Davion Navar Henry Only has been in foster care since he was 7.
He had repeatedly asked a church to help him find a forever parent.
His official adoption date is April 22.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 213, Total accepted tokens: 213, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Thursday will mark three weeks since Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen. But there is as yet little sign that the rebels are being driven back, that the fighting in Yemen is dying down or that lives there are being saved. To the contrary, increasingly more Yemenis appear to be fleeing the country, attempting the dangerous trip in rickety fishing boats across the Red Sea to the Horn of Africa -- a trip historically made by people fleeing Africa rather than the other way around. Hopes for stability, not only in Yemen but in the Middle East in general, are fading as fears grow that Saudia Arabia and Iran are fighting a proxy war in Yemen for regional domination. And the number of dead continues to mount. Yemen's health ministry said over the weekend that 385 civilians had been killed and 342 others had been wounded. The World Health Organization has put a higher figure on both tolls -- 648 killed and 2,191 wounded -- but includes militant casualties in the totals. The Houthis forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January, though Hadi still claims he is Yemen's legitimate leader and is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to Yemen. Those allied with Hadi have accused the Iranian government of supporting the Houthis in their uprising in Yemen. Like the Iranians, the Houthis are Shiites. And like the Saudis, Hadi and his government are Sunni. Since it began on March 26, Saudi Arabia has launched more than 1,200 airstrikes. Saudi officials claim to have killed more than 500 Houthi rebels. The U.N. Security Council voted Tuesday in favor of an arms embargo on Houthis -- the minority group that has taken over large swaths of Yemen, including its capital, Sanaa -- and supporters of former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh. The resolution "raises the cost" for the Houthis, according to Mark Lyall Grant, Britain's ambassador to the United Nations. In addition to the arms embargo, the resolution also demands that the Shiite group pull back and refrain from more violence and includes sanctions aimed at controlling the spread of terrorism, according to Grant. Russia abstained from Tuesday's vote, saying it didn't like the inclusion of sanctions. Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen?<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Saudi Arabia has launched more than 1,200 airstrikes in Yemen.
Saudi officials claim to have killed more than 500 Houthi rebels.
Houthis forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January.
Hadi still claims he is Yemen's legitimate leader.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 214, Total accepted tokens: 214, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Moscow (CNN)Joy Womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre, kicking her legs up to her head, jumping and spinning across the room. After class, she eats boiled sweets, one after another -- they are a cheap form of energy. The dancer, raised in California and Texas, left her parents and eight brothers and sisters behind when she arrived in Russia six years ago, aged 15, speaking no Russian. She studied at the Bolshoi Ballet Academy and was one of the first Americans accepted from the school into the company. But in 2013 she left under a cloud -- media reports suggested she had claimed she was asked by an unnamed Boshoi official to pay $10,000 to dance in even small roles. The Bolshoi still stands by comments made at the time by its general director, Vladimir Urin. He asked the dancer to make an official complaint and defend her position legally, saying the theatre was ready to assist the law enforcement agencies to investigate the case and that "if the facts are legally established, those responsible should be punished accordingly." The dancer did not pursue a case against the Bolshoi. When she left the Bolshoi in 2013, Womack joined the Kremlin Ballet Theatre where she still works, aged 20, as a principal ballerina; dancing close to the Russian president's office, next to the cathedrals inside the red walls of the Kremlin. The surroundings may be opulent but her pay packet is not: for her role as a principal dancer Womack says she is paid around $240 a month -- which works out at around $8 a day. The dancer says the amount of money she makes in dollars each month has fallen as the Russian ruble has weakened -- the currency has suffered, in part, from a low oil price and international sanctions imposed on Russia over its annexation of Crimea last year. Womack says a friend helps her with accommodation and she says she has to make the money stretch in order to buy food. "For anyone paid a salary in rubles, especially since the crisis, it is extremely difficult. You have to decide what is worth more for you - experience or financial stability. I'm at a point in my life where experience is worth more." Sitting in the wings of the stage, chatting in Russian to the other dancers and stretching before her rehearsal for Swan Lake, she says she has to make the $185 in her bank account last for the next few weeks. To earn extra money she dances bigger roles or takes part in events abroad. The Kremlin Ballet Theatre says Womack's salary corresponds to her job title as a principal dancer and that, "on average, the salary [principal] dancers are paid is significantly higher" than $240 a month but that Womack could have been paid that equivalent in dollars "depending on the exchange rate on the day and depending on how much she danced in productions the previous month." As an American, Womack says she is paid the same as her contemporaries and is treated just like the Russians. But she says that is not always the case offstage. "It's extremely difficult to watch the deteriorating relationships between the United States and Russia. The great thing about working for a Russian company is that we are focused on creating art but...outside the ballet world it is difficult for foreigners; the general tendency tends to be more nationalistic and they unfortunately judge foreigners by their cover." Although relations between the U.S. and Russia have taken a nosedive since Russia's annexation of Crimea last March, Womack says she is "very loyal" to the Kremlin Ballet Theatre. "I love the Russian system and I'm very patriotic in that sense," she says. And despite the political situation -- and the money -- she says, "Russia has a lot to offer, it is a beautiful place that creates stars and that itself is worth investing one's career in.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Joy Womack is taking part in her first ballet class of the day at the Kremlin Ballet Theatre.
She says she is paid around $8 a day and has to stretch her pay to buy food.
She says she has to make the $185 in her bank account last for the next few weeks.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 215, Total accepted tokens: 215, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A group of six young Minnesota men conspired to sneak into Syria and join ISIS "by any means necessary," federal prosecutors said Monday. The group of friends, ages 19 to 21, were arrested Sunday. "What's remarkable about this case was that nothing stopped these defendants from plotting their goal," said U.S. Attorney Andrew M. Luger of the District of Minnesota. "They were not confused young men. They were not easily influenced. These are focused men who are intent on joining a terrorist organization by any means possible." Recruiting for the ISIS terrorist network is a particular problem in Minnesota's community of Somali immigrants. "People often ask who is doing the recruiting and when will we catch the person responsible," Luger said. "But it is not that simple. In today's case, the answer is that this group of friends is recruiting each other. They're engaged in what we describe as peer-to-peer recruiting." Zacharia Yusuf Abdurahman, 19; Adnan Farah, 19; Hanad Mustafe Musse, 19; and Guled Ali Omar, 20, were arrested in Minneapolis. Abdirahman Yasin Daud, 21, and Mohamed Abdihamid Farah, 21, were arrested in San Diego after driving there in hopes of crossing into Mexico, Luger said. They plotted for 10 months, Luger said. "Even when their co-conspirators were caught and charged, they continued to seek new and creative ways to leave Minnesota to fight for a terror group." Another friend, who was part of the group, changed his mind and became a cooperating witness for the FBI, even tape recording some meetings, Luger said. The FBI investigation has previously netted Abdullahi Yusuf, who has pleaded guilty to conspiring to provide material support to ISIS, and Hamza Ahmed, who has been indicted on charges of conspiring and attempting to provide material support to ISIS and is now pending trial, according to the criminal complaint. The complaint describes a man, identified only as "Nur," who has spent time in Syria and allegedly helped the six accused men. Four of the men who were arrested appeared in federal court on Monday but did not enter a plea. The judge ordered they all be held without bail, and a detention hearing was scheduled for Wednesday. CNN's Tony Marco contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Prosecutors: Group of six young men conspired to join ISIS.
They were not confused young men, U.S. attorney says.
FBI has previously netted Abdullahi Yusuf, who has pleaded guilty.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 216, Total accepted tokens: 216, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)In case you haven't noticed, we're in the midst of a medical marijuana revolution. Given the amount of questions and mystery surrounding the science behind it, Dr. Sanjay Gupta wanted to provide some insight. He's been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years. His research has resulted in three CNN documentaries, culminating with "Weed 3: The Marijuana Revolution," airing at 9 p.m. ET/PT Sunday. Gupta opened up to questions on Twitter. Here's what you wanted to know: . How does this affect me? Readers were curious about the effects of medical marijuana in easing symptoms of various ailments, asking how it could help with everything from life-threatening illnesses and neurological conditions to chronic pain and post-traumatic stress disorder. Gupta pointed out the 10 diseases where medical marijuana research could have an impact and how it helped to stop one young girl's severe seizures, and he also referenced other studies. He said that the potential benefits of medical marijuana for people suffering from PTSD is actually the subject of a federally approved study. The belief: It could suppress dream recall and allow those sufferers to focus on the present. There is also research into how the drug might affect the spasms associated with people who have multiple sclerosis. Medical marijuana could also be an important option for those who rely on painkillers, as painkiller overdose is the greatest preventable death in the United States, Gupta said. Why don't other doctors talk about it? Many of the questions around medical marijuana can be tied back to the fact that it's just not discussed much. Teaching about medical marijuana remains taboo in medical school. But Gupta also presented the science directly, showing what your body on weed looks like. Readers also wanted to know why people are so against the legalization of marijuana. Decades of misinformation, Gupta said. What are the drawbacks? With medical marijuana so misunderstood, there naturally is a fear of potential side effects. There are legitimate, long-term concerns with the developing brain, Gupta said, and suggested that readers seek out the research of Dr. Staci Gruber, who has conducted numerous studies on marijuana use and brain function. Isn't it dangerous? When confronted with questions rooted in fear about the dangers of medical marijuana, Gupta confessed that he used to believe the same thing -- that marijuana is dangerous without proven benefits. After extensive research, he said he changed his mind on weed.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Dr. Sanjay Gupta: Medical marijuana could help with chronic pain, PTSD.
Gupta: Research could have impact on 10 diseases, including seizures.
Gupta: Medical marijuana could be an option for those who rely on painkillers.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 217, Total accepted tokens: 217, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A freshly fallen tree in the roadway was Jason Warnock's first clue. Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho, on Wednesday when he saw the tree, then looked up to see an SUV dangling over the edge of a cliff. The only thing holding the GMC Yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence, still clinging to the earth above Bryden Canyon Road. "I seen that guy hanging there and he was trying to beat the window out or the door open and I was like 'Oh man,' 'cause only like five links were hanging there," Warnock told KXLY, a CNN affiliate. "I was like, I gotta do something and no one was doing anything." What Warnock did next, captured in a dramatic photo by Lewiston Tribune photographer Barry Kough, made headlines around the world. Warnock dashed from his car and scrambled up a hill to the Yukon and its driver, 23-year-old Matthew Sitko, who appeared to be in shock. "I got up there and I was like, 'Are you alright man?' He shook his head, yeah. I grabbed my Snap-on multi-tool and it had jagged edges on each end. I hit the window three times and it didn't break. Every time I hit it, the thing rocked like it was going to fall off," Warnock told KXLY. Sitko was finally able to get the passenger-side window down. Warnock then reached in and pulled Sitko out to safety -- a moment recorded by Kough's camera. Then Warnock disappeared. "I left and got out of there before anyone knew who I was," he said. He remained an unknown good Samaritan, his identity a mystery, until Kough's picture of the daring rescue appeared in the Lewiston paper and spread across the Internet. "I don't feel like I deserve any credit or anything," Warnock said. "I just did what anyone would do, went right back to work." Thanks to Warnock, Sitko went to the hospital with just minor injuries. "The Lewiston Police Department would like to thank Jason Warnock for his quick and decisive actions in helping Mr. Sitko and preventing the situation from worsening," said Roger Lanier, the interim police chief. Warnock told KXLY he didn't want or expect all the attention and would rather be fishing in the mountains than reading about himself.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jason Warnock rescues a stranded driver from a 30-foot drop.
Warnock was driving through a canyon in Lewiston, Idaho.
The only thing holding the GMC Yukon and its terrified driver from a 30-foot drop was a crumpled chain-link fence.
Warnock then reached in and pulled Sitko out to safety.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.78
Total generated tokens: 218, Total accepted tokens: 218, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It's obvious that Tom Brady's love for his wife, model Gisele Bundchen, will never go out of fashion. Bundchen walked the runway for the last time Wednesday, and the New England Patriots quarterback wasn't just there to support her in person, he expressed his emotions to the world on Facebook. "Congratulations Love of my Life," Brady wrote. "You inspire me every day to be a better person. I am so proud of you and everything you have accomplished on the runway. I have never met someone with more of a will to succeed and determination to overcome any obstacle in the way. You never cease to amaze me. Nobody loves life more than you and your beauty runs much deeper than what the eye can see. I can't wait to see what's next. I love you." He followed the text with two hashtags, #GOAT ("greatest of all time") and #thebestisyettocome. Bundchen, 34, announced her retirement from the catwalk last weekend. "I am grateful that at 14, I was given the opportunity to start this journey. Today after 20 years in the industry, it is a privilege to be doing my last fashion show by choice and yet still be working in other facets of the business," the Brazilian-born model wrote on Instagram. Supermodel Gisele Bundchen struts her stuff a final time . Bundchen was the highest-paid model in 2014, according to Forbes magazine, with a total $47 million in contracts. She is the face of Chanel and Carolina Herrera and has her own line of lingerie. Bundchen and Brady have been married since 2009. The couple has two children. What's next for Bundchen? Based on an interview she did with Brazil's Estado de S. Paulo newspaper, sounds like more quality time with Brady and their children. "I want to be with my family more and focus on special projects," she said. CNN's Shasta Darlington contributed to this story.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tom Brady and Gisele Bundchen have been married since 2009.
Bundchen announced her retirement from the catwalk last week.
Brady wrote on Facebook: "I am so proud of you and everything you have accomplished"
Bundchen and Brady have two children.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.78
Total generated tokens: 219, Total accepted tokens: 219, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The greater adjutant stork is a majestic bird. Standing about 5 feet tall with an average wingspan of 8 feet, it soars over the Boragaon landfill like a great protector. It knows the residents and shies away from strangers. "They are intelligent birds. Every time I got close to them they would fly away," photographer Timothy Bouldry said. The dirty, wet conditions of the landfill attracted the endangered stork, and the stork attracted Bouldry. Through a series of photos taken within a day, he captures what it's like to live inside one of the largest dumping grounds in India. The Boragaon landfill is located in the city of Guwahati, about 300 miles from Bangladesh near the Bhutanese border. It's 94 acres of mostly fresh waste, surrounded by swamplands. (Other landfills, Bouldry says, contain older, compacted trash.) For the past seven years, Bouldry has traveled the world photographing landfills. He's visited places such as Haiti, Venezuela and Colombia. The greater adjutant stork initially drew Bouldry to Boragaon, but he became connected with the people. About 100 families live inside the Boragaon landfill. Every day, they search the area for treasure -- a tiny scrap of metal, a bit of plastic, maybe a bone. They use large hooks to sort through the garbage, which sometimes reaches two or three stories high. They work in teams, and more than often they are barefoot. "They don't look at the things they're doing as being unsanitary or unhealthy or unsafe," Bouldry said. They collect plastic, metal and wires and sell it by the pound. The families make around $2 per day. Their homes are constructed by recycled materials, with sometimes several families living in one shanty at a time. With no electricity, no running water -- and an overabundance of trash -- they are experts at repurposing. "You might see a refrigerator being used as a closet," he said. Social media . Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography. Some of the children living in Boragaon go to school on scholarship, but most of them work in the landfill to provide for their families. But don't be deceived: The people living here feel anything but destitute. Bouldry uses words such as "love," "hope" and "spirituality" to describe them. "I found that the landfill community is content," Bouldry said. "They are not jaded by modern civilization." Bouldry lives and works inside the La Chureca landfill in Nicaragua, one of the largest landfills in the world. He helps the people living there grow gardens fertilized with compost he makes with organic waste from local smoothie shops. In addition to his photography, he teaches English and yoga classes a few times per week. But why? Bouldry went to art school in Boston. He's no stranger to sophisticated civilization. He said he found humanitarian photo projects to be the most fulfilling, and he became especially intrigued by landfills even though they are "scary, dirty and kind of grotesque." "This is my 'thank you' to the informal recyclers of the world," he said. Timothy Bouldry is a photographer based in New Hampshire. You can follow him on Facebook and Twitter.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Photographer Timothy Bouldry captures what it's like to live in a landfill.
Bouldry says the people of the landfill are content and have hope.
Bouldry says he found humanitarian photo projects to be the most fulfilling.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 220, Total accepted tokens: 220, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Remember the Tuskegee syphilis experiment from the 1930s? Scientists studied poor African-Americans in Alabama who'd contracted the venereal disease but didn't tell them they had the disease or do anything to cure them. A lawsuit filed this week alleges Johns Hopkins University and the Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct a similar study in Guatemala from 1945 to 1956. Orphans, inmates, psychiatric patients and prostitutes were deliberately infected with sexually transmitted diseases to determine what drugs, including penicillin, worked best in stopping the diseases, the lawsuit says. The subjects of the experiments weren't told they'd been infected, the lawsuit says, causing some to die and others to pass the disease to their spouses, sexual partners and children. The suit seeks more than $1 billion in damages and has 774 plaintiffs, including people who were subjects in the experiments and their descendants. This is the second attempt to collect damages. In 2012, a class-action federal lawsuit was filed against the U.S. government over the Guatemala experiments conducted by the U.S. Public Health Service. A judge dismissed it, saying the Guatemalans could not sue the United States for grievances that happened overseas. The new lawsuit was filed in the Baltimore City Circuit Court. Johns Hopkins and the Rockefeller Foundation filed statements on their websites condemning the experiments, but denying responsibility. "The plaintiffs' essential claim in this case is that prominent Johns Hopkins faculty members' participation on a government committee that reviewed funding applications was tantamount to conducting the research itself and that therefore Johns Hopkins should be held liable," the Johns Hopkins statement said. "Neither assertion is true." The lawsuit alleges the Rockefeller Foundation funded Johns Hopkins' research into public health issues, including venereal disease, and employed scientists who monitored the Guatemala experiments. The lawsuit, the Rockefeller Foundation statement said, "seeks improperly to assign 'guilt by association' in the absence of compensation from the United States federal government." The suit says Johns Hopkins and the Rockefeller Foundation designed, supported and benefited from the Guatemala experiments. Bristol-Myers Squibb pharmaceutical group and that company's owner, Mead Johnson, also are defendants. The pharmaceutical company supplied drugs for the experiments, the suit says. On Saturday, a spokeswoman for Bristol-Myers Squibb sent this statement to CNN: "We've only just received the complaint in this matter. Bristol-Myers Squibb played an important role in the development of penicillin in the past and today we continue to focus our work on developing breakthrough medicines for serious disease. As a company dedicated to patients, we take this matter very seriously and are reviewing the allegations." Nobody doubts the experiments happened. In 2010, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton apologized to Guatemala for the experiments, saying they were "clearly unethical." In the 1930s and 1940s, the government followed a policy of funding scientific medical research but not controlling individual doctors, the suit says. The lawsuit says John Hopkins controlled and influenced the appointed panels that authorized funding for research into venereal disease. The lawsuit says prostitutes were infected to intentionally spread the disease and that syphilis spirochetes were injected into the spinal fluid of subjects. A woman in a psychiatric hospital had gonorrhea pus from a male subject injected into both her eyes, the suit says. The lawsuit doesn't say why the experiments ended. The results were never published and were not revealed until 2011, when the Presidential Commission for the Study of Bioethical Issues wrote a letter to President Barack Obama telling of its investigation, the suit says. CNN's Deanna Hackney contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Johns Hopkins University, Rockefeller Foundation are defendants.
Lawsuit seeks more than $1 billion in damages.
Suit alleges Johns Hopkins, Rockefeller Foundation helped conduct experiments.
Suit: Subjects of experiments weren't told they'd been infected.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 221, Total accepted tokens: 221, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Two deputies involved in the fatal attempt to arrest Eric Harris in Tulsa, Oklahoma, have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families, Sheriff Stanley Glanz said Monday in a news conference. The deputies were trying to arrest Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him. Unlike Bates, they are not charged with a crime, but have come under criticism for pinning Harris' head to the ground as he said, "I'm losing my breath." Police appear on video saying, "F*ck your breath," apparently in response. Sheriff Stanley Glanz didn't specify the nature of the threats, but said he was "very concerned" for their safety and that of their families. He did not say what the deputies had been assigned to do. Another sheriff's official said the office has temporarily suspended operations of the agency's drug unit pending the review of the April 2 shooting of Harris following a weapons sting. Glanz indicated he has not yet decided how to proceed with a review of their actions, saying any action may be delayed until after the court case involving Bates has been settled. Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Harris' death. Bates, who is free on $25,000 bond pending trial, shot Harris with his handgun after calling out, "Taser, Taser," -- an indication he planned to use a stun gun to subdue Harris following a brief foot chase with the other deputies. Amid questions about his age -- 73 -- training and friendship with Glanz, Bates has said the shooting was accidental, and has apologized to the family. Lawyer releases training records for Tulsa deputy charged in killing . On Monday, Glanz also apologized to Harris' family. "We are sorry Eric was taken from you," he said. But he said his office holds itself to the highest national standards of policing, and said Monday that the FBI had cleared the agency of any civil rights violations in the shooting. Bates is white. Harris was black. There have been allegations, first reported by the Tulsa World newspaper, that some of Bates' training records had been forged, or that he was unqualified to be serving on the force. The sheriff denied those allegations, saying he was certain Bates had qualified on the gun range and had extensive additional training. He said he was unaware of any forgery involving training records, and said he had not issued any training waivers for Bates, with whom he has been friends for more than two decades. But he said he supported prosecutor's decision to proceed with the case. He also said he had brought in a Dallas police consultant who had previously examined the office's policies and procedures for another look. Harris' family has said the shooting reveals "a deep-seated problem" within the department and has demanded justice, and changes in policy.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Deputy Robert Bates is charged with second-degree manslaughter in Eric Harris' death.
Bates, who is free on $25,000 bond pending trial, shot Harris with his handgun.
Deputies were trying to arrest Harris when Reserve Deputy Robert Bates shot him.
Sheriff Stanley Glanz says he is "very concerned" for their safety and that of their families.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 222, Total accepted tokens: 222, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)ESPN suspended reporter Britt McHenry for a week after a video of her berating a towing company employee surfaced Thursday. The sports network announced her suspension on Twitter. McHenry posted an apology on Twitter, saying she allowed her emotions to get away from her during a stressful situation at a Virginia business. "I ... said some insulting and regrettable things." "As frustrated as I was, I should always choose to be respectful and take the high road. I am so sorry for my actions and will learn from this mistake," she wrote. On the roughly one-minute long video that was captured by a surveillance camera, McHenry says to an employee at a register: "I'm in the news, sweetheart. I will (expletive) sue this place." The employee tells McHenry she's being recorded, but it doesn't stop her from continuing her rant. "That's why I have a degree and you don't," she says. "I wouldn't work at a scumbag place like this. Makes my skin crawl even being here." Later McHenry says, "maybe if I was missing some teeth they would hire me, huh?" The employee apparently says something about McHenry's hair and the color of her roots. McHenry sasses back, saying, "Oh, like yours, 'cause they look so stunning, 'cause I'm on television and you're in a (expletive) trailer, honey. Lose some weight, baby girl." CNN reached out to the Arlington towing company for comment but didn't hear immediately back. The edited video was first posted on the website LiveLeak, which said the incident occurred April 5. The video inspired the Twitter hashtag #firebrittmchenry. The reporter is one of several ESPN on-air talents to be suspended in the past 12 months. In February,  anchor Keith Olbermann was not on the air for most of a week after a Twitter spat that the anchor had with fans of Penn State University. Bill Simmons was suspended in September for three weeks for calling NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell a liar. Commentator Stephen A. Smith was suspended in July for a week for widely criticized remarks about domestic abuse that referred to possible "provocation" by victims. How McHenry could have responded . McHenry is based in Washington and the incident happened across the Potomac River in Arlington. McHenry  joined ESPN in 2014. At the time of her hiring, ESPN's senior vice president and director of news, Vince Doria, praised her knack for getting interviews with major sports celebrities. "In a relatively short time, Britt has established a reputation for strong, aggressive reporting in the D.C. area, and an ability to land big interviews," said Doria. "Her presence there will be a great benefit to ESPN's newsgathering and, as with all of our bureau reporters, she will be assigned to high-profile stories around the country." Before ESPN, she was with WJLA in Washington. McHenry joined the station in 2008 and the sports staff in 2010. She went to Stetson as an undergraduate and Northwestern for graduate studies in journalism. Opinion: Who's worse: Britt McHenry, or us?<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: ESPN reporter Britt McHenry suspended for a week.
McHenry berates a towing company employee on video.
McHenry says she should always choose to be respectful.
McHenry says she's sorry for her actions.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 223, Total accepted tokens: 223, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The bored teenager who gunned down a college baseball player in Oklahoma simply because he and his two friends "had nothing to do," is now a convicted murderer. Chancey Allen Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday for his role in the August 2013 drive-by shooting of Christopher Lane, a 23-year-old college student in Duncan, about 80 miles south of Oklahoma City. Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting. Lane, an Australian attending East Central University, was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by Luna. A jury recommended Friday that Luna spend life in prison without the possibility of parole, according to court records. Because he was under 18 when the crime was committed, he is not eligible for the death penalty. He'll be formally sentenced in June. The vehicle's driver, Michael Jones, pleaded guilty in March to second-degree murder and was sentenced to life in prison. Jones, who was 17 at the time of the murder, will be eligible for parole starting in 2051, according to the Oklahoma Department of Corrections. Prosecutors dropped first-degree murder charges filed against the third suspect, then only 15, after he agreed to testify against Luna and Jones, according to CNN affiliate KSWO. He will now be tried as a juvenile with accessory to murder after the fact. Duncan police Chief Danny Ford told Australian radio station 3AW that when police arrested the teens, Jones offered a motive that made clear that Lane, a baseball player on scholarship, was chosen at random. "We were bored and didn't have anything to do, so we decided to kill somebody." After the verdict, Luna appeared to be crying as deputies led him out of the courtroom in handcuffs, whimpering  "I'm sorry"  to a reporter. CNN's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Chancey Allen Luna was 16 at the time of the shooting.
Luna was found guilty of first-degree murder Friday.
Luna will be formally sentenced in June.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 224, Total accepted tokens: 224, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Here you go, galaxy. The Force is back. At an emotional event in Anaheim, California, director J.J. Abrams and the "Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens" cast showed off for the audience and then capped the presentation with the trailer for the new film. The audience gasped, cheered and applauded. The cast was appreciative of the welcome. "You're more than fans. You're family," Mark Hamill told the crowd. Carrie Fisher was also there, though without her trademark Princess Leia hair buns. They're "retired," she said. Airline unveils 'Star Wars' 787 Dreamliner painted like R2-D2 . Also introduced: "Star Wars" emoji, some new Stormtroopers and the BB8, the soccer-ball-like droid that rolled around the stage, to the delight of the audience. It wasn't CGI, either, as much of the movie, Abrams said, was filmed on actual sets. Twitter erupted with near-instantaneous reaction, most of it enthusiastic. CNNMoney: 'Star Wars' teaser sends Twitter into lightspeed . The new "Star Wars" is due out December 18. CNN's Henry Hanks was in the audience. Here are his five top takeaways from the event: . 1. Han flies again . The trailer ended in a big way, with Han Solo and Chewbacca having apparently arrived after a flight on the Millennium Falcon. The reaction in the room of fans was nothing short of rapturous upon seeing Harrison Ford back in character as Han. A few burst into tears at the end of the the 110-second teaser. 2. That's not Tatooine . Abrams revealed that their shooting location was not meant to represent the Skywalker ancestral home of Tatooine, as many believed. Instead, it's a planet called Jakku, where much of the early action of the movie takes place. Daisy Ridley's Rey meets up with a stromtrooper, Finn (John Boyega) and that's where the adventure begins. 3. Hints of Luke and Leia . Oscar Isaac dropped a major hint that his pilot character of Poe is sent on a mission by "a princess," and we're fairly certain which one he meant. Leia and Luke aren't seen in the trailer, but we hear Luke's unmistakable voice as he passes along a lightsaber, presumably to other Skywalker family members. Carrie Fisher also teased her new wardrobe, and promised no metal bikini. 4. There's less CGI than in the prequels . Abrams said he was proud that "you can watch the movie and see what it is" before the effects wizards at Industrial Light and Magic did their work. And yes, the new droid BB-8 (who was a fan favorite at the panel) is not CGI. 5. The ruins of the Empire are all around . A crashed Star Destroyer can be seen at the opening of the trailer, as well as a look at Vader's charred helmet. Chills. Creating the sounds of 'Star Wars' CNN's Henry Hanks contributed to this story.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Star Wars" director J.J. Abrams and cast show off for audience.
Trailer for new film "Star Wars: Episode VII -- The Force Awakens"
Trailer ends with Han Solo and Chewbacca having apparently arrived after a flight.
New "Star Wars" is due out December 18.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 225, Total accepted tokens: 225, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Wealthy Nigerians used to travel abroad to get their fix of luxury goods. However these days, they can take a stroll around Victoria Island, an exclusive neighborhood in Lagos where brands like Porsche, Hugo Boss and Ermenegildo Zegna line the streets. The Nigerian city is among African metropolises which have seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent. Others include Luanda, Dar es Salaam and Accra, which is predicted to nearly double its millionaire count from 800 in 2012 to 1,500 in 2020. If the growth continues, these cities could join an existing club of African wealth hubs hosting the so-called ultra-high net worth individuals, typically those with over $30 million of net assets excluding their primary residence. These centers of affluence  are spread from Johannesburg in the south, through Lagos in the west and Nairobi in the east, to Cairo in the north. This emerging class of Africa's new millionaires has been pushing the demand for luxury products across the continent, with sales of high-end products growing by a third between 2008 and 2013. However, they are no longer concentrated in southern Africa, traditionally the wealthiest part of the continent. Nigeria is now one of the fastest growing markets for French Champagne and digital televisions according to a report by Deloitte, and in 2013 LVMH's seven Nigerian branches outsold its 600 South African stores. "Africa is one of the fastest growing regions in terms of middle class," says Fflur Roberts, head of luxury at Euromonitor, a market research provider. "It's due to a mix of rising incomes, rising population but also growth slowing in other emerging markets." Luxury brands tend to enter country markets through distributors, benefiting from local knowledge of their partners but still retaining a significant amount of control over how their name is marketed in that country. "Getting a new brand in a new market where they don't fully understand the operating environment would be very dangerous for that brand," explains Roberts. She warns that in spite of potential, the future of luxury in Africa is dependent on reforms taking place: "It will rely on infrastructure and the operating environment such as security and how trading is done," she says. When it comes to what they choose to splash their cash on, Africa's rich like to stick to well-known global labels that carry an automatic badge of status. "Generally the brands they buy will be more ostentatious  compared to somebody in the more developed, mature markets. It's going to be the Louis Vuitton, the Gucci, the Prada," says Roberts. She adds that this could be down to the fact that typical a luxury consumer in Africa is much younger than those in mature markets such as Western Europe, who tend to be in their 50s and 60s. "They are in their late twenties or thirties so it's very much new wealth, and they will be looking towards luxury as a means of showing status and success," says Roberts. However, in spite of mainstream brand's dominance, smaller home-grown labels also see the growth in appetite for luxury goods as a valuable opportunity. "Africa has all the foundations that are needed to create a real vibrant luxury industry," says Swaady Martin Leke, Ivorian entrepreneur and founder of the Johannesburg-based luxury tea brand Yswara. "We have the craftsmanship, we have the heritage, we have a very rich culture that doesn't date just 20 years, but centuries, thousands and thousands of years of know-how and craftsmanship. So here is this continent where you have all the raw material and the know-how, but what is missing is the link to luxury. "Now is the time and you need to start positioning yourself, because Africa is getting richer, that's for sure," she adds. More from Africa View . Read this: Ethiopia - a land where coffee meets tradition . Read this: Why Kenya is the flower garden of Europe .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Africa has seen some of the highest growth in the number of millionaires on the continent.
Others include Luanda, Dar es Salaam and Accra.
The future of luxury in Africa is dependent on reforms taking place.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 226, Total accepted tokens: 226, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)"Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" star and former child actress Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested Thursday morning. Richards was taken into custody by police at the Beverly Hills Hotel on accusations of trespassing, resisting arrest and public intoxication after security personnel complained that she was bothering hotel guests about 1:30 a.m. 'Real Housewives of Atlanta' cast member's mother dies . A police representative said Richards was asked to leave but refused and then entered a restroom and wouldn't come out. Hotel security made a "private persons arrest," then police entered the restroom and took Richards into custody. "Ms. Richards was displaying symptoms of alcohol intoxication including slurred speech and belligerent insolent behavior, cursing at the officers and passively resisted arrest," police said in a statement. "After being transported to the station for booking, Richards kicked one of the officers in the leg; however the officer was not injured." Richards is expected to face misdemeanor charges, according to Lt. Lincoln Hoshino of the Beverly Hills Police Department. She has been released from custody. A call to Richards' representatives has not been returned. Richards reportedly entered rehab in 2011 for "serious issues" after what watchers deemed erratic behavior on the reality show, which also features her sister Kyle Richards. The Richardses are the aunts of former TV star Paris Hilton. 'Real Housewives of Atlanta' husband gets prison . Kim Richards appeared in Disney's "Escape to Witch Mountain" and "Wonderful World of Color" as a child and was a frequent guest star on television series, though her acting career later stalled. She had a significant role in the 2006 film "Black Snake Moan." Bravo, the network that airs the "Real Housewives" franchise, declined to comment on her arrest.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kim Richards is accused of kicking a police officer after being arrested.
Richards was taken into custody by police at the Beverly Hills Hotel.
Richards is expected to face misdemeanor charges.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 227, Total accepted tokens: 227, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tokyo (CNN)A Japanese court has issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors in the west of the country, citing safety concerns, a court official told CNN. Japan's nuclear watchdog, the Nuclear Regulation Authority, had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the Kansai Electric Power Company's Takahama nuclear plant. But locals successfully petitioned the court in Fukui Prefecture, where the plant is located, raising concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake. Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011, when a tsunami triggered by a massive earthquake sent a wall of water crashing into the power plant. Since then, the island nation has imported greater amounts of expensive natural gas and coal to meet its energy needs. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy, arguing it is essential to the country's economic recovery to reduce the skyrocketing utility bills associated with energy imports. But opinion polls have consistently shown public opposition to a nuclear restart. Keith Henry, managing director of Tokyo-based Asia Strategy, which advises businesses on Japanese public policy issues, says the decision will force Abe to rethink the economics of his energy policy. "That was a body blow [for Abe] because it's no longer a political issue, it's a legal issue. It changes the calculus and the dynamics," he said. "It's now in the courts. And the government is powerless to do anything about it." READ MORE: Power company abandons robot stranded inside Fukushima plant . Anti-nuclear activists celebrated following the Fukui District Court's decision in their favor Tuesday. The nuclear plant operator had argued in court that the plant was safe, meeting heightened safety regulations introduced by the nuclear watchdog following the Fukushima disaster. It said in a statement that "scientific and professional findings" showed that the safety of the reactors was assured. But the court ruled that the new safety standards were "loose," lacked rationality and could not guarantee the safety of the plant, an official said. The power company said it would appeal the decision. "We deeply regret that our assertion was not well comprehended, and cannot accept it at all," it said in a statement. Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters Tuesday that the country's nuclear watchdog had deemed the plant safe according to the "world's strictest" safety standards. The government had no intention to change course on its planned nuclear restart, he said. Takahama was one of two nuclear facilities granted approval to resume operations. Sendai nuclear power plant in Kagoshima Prefecture has been granted approval to reopen by the prefecture's governor, although local residents are seeking to challenge this in court. Analyst Henry said the renewable energy sector could benefit from the Takahama decision, as the country weighed solar and hydro power as alternatives. Prior to the Fukushima disaster, about 30% of Japan's energy was nuclear generated. CNN's Junko Ogura contributed to this report from Tokyo.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Court rules that safety standards are "loose," lack rationality.
Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 228, Total accepted tokens: 228, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)French customs officers say they have seized more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat that was falsely flying an American flag in the Caribbean. The drugs, whose value is estimated at more than $105 million, are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities, said Michael Lachaux, director of customs operations in Martinique. Officers arrested one Venezuelan and two Spanish citizens who were on board the vessel off the coast of Martinique on Wednesday, Lachaux said in an interview with the radio station France Info on Saturday. Martinique is an overseas department of France. In November, French customs officials seized nearly 250 kilograms (550 pounds) of cocaine on a vessel that was also off the coast of Martinique, according to authorities.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: French authorities seize more than 2 tons of cocaine aboard a sailboat.
The drugs are estimated to be worth more than $105 million.
The drugs are the biggest cocaine seizure ever carried out by French authorities.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 229, Total accepted tokens: 229, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Iraqi and U.S.-led coalition forces have successfully ousted ISIS from the nation's largest oil refinery, the coalition said Sunday. Iraqi security forces regained full control of the Baiji refinery, the Combined Joint Task Force said. A week ago, ISIS claimed it controlled part of the facility, posting images online that purported to back up the claim. Iraq is working to fortify the facility's defenses, the task force said in a statement. Over the past nine days, the coalition conducted 47 airstrikes in the area, the statement said. Meanwhile, Peshmerga forces -- also with the assistance of coalition strikes -- cleared 84 square kilometers (32 square miles) of ISIS-occupied territory in Iraq on Saturday, the Kurdistan Region Security Council said. The Peshmerga are the national military force of Kurdistan. "Front-line reporting indicates at least 35 ISIS terrorists were killed during the offensive," the council said in a statement. The goal was to push back ISIS and "diminish its ability to threaten the security of Kirkuk province," the statement said. "This success follows an offensive south and west of Kirkuk" last month in which 100 square kilometers (39 square miles) of terrain was cleared, the council said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Iraqi security forces regain control of Baiji refinery.
A week ago, ISIS claimed it controlled part of the facility.
Iraq is working to fortify the facility's defenses.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 230, Total accepted tokens: 230, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Moscow (CNN)A Russian TV channel aired Hillary Clinton's first campaign video with a rating stamp that means it's for mature audiences, because of fears it might run afoul of the country's anti-gay propaganda law. A clip of the video, which features a gay couple holding hands, got the 18+ rating from the independent TV Rain channel in Russia on Monday. The channel told CNN that it didn't want to break the controversial law, which bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors" and bars public discussion of gay rights and relationships within earshot of children. "There are no legal precedents for this law, so we just don't know what comes under this law and (what) doesn't," a TV Rain spokesperson told CNN. "Therefore, fearing to break the law -- especially given the high attention to TV Rain from the supervising authorities -- we decided to put a marker (on the video)." Clinton's video was released over the weekend to announce the start of her 2016 U.S. presidential campaign. It features about five seconds of two men holding hands. One of the men says, "I'm getting married this summer to someone I really care about." The former senator and first lady first declared her support for same-sex marriage in early 2013, saying that "gay rights are human rights, and human rights are gay rights." Russia's controversial law caused an international outcry after it was passed by the Russian Parliament and signed by President Vladimir Putin in July 2013. Human Rights Watch described the anti-gay propaganda law as "a profoundly discriminatory and dangerous bill that is bound to worsen homophobia in Russia." Rights campaigners called for a boycott of the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, and a number of bars around the world stopped serving Russian vodka in protest. U.S. President Barack Obama -- Clinton's former boss -- said at the time that he found the legislation offensive. "I have no patience for countries that try to treat gays or lesbians or transgendered persons in ways that intimidate them or harmful to them," Obama told Jay Leno in 2013. Putin defended the law, noting that unlike other countries, Russia decriminalized homosexual relationships (in 1993). "We don't outlaw anything and don't nab anyone," he said before the 2014 Games. "That's why you can feel safe and free here," he added, "but please leave our children in peace." The rights group ILGA-Europe said in a May 2014 report that Russia was the worst place in Europe (out of 49 countries) for LGBTI people to live. READ MORE: Social media react to Hillary Clinton logo .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Russian TV channel rates Hillary Clinton's video as 18+ because of fears of breaking law.
Anti-gay propaganda law bans "propaganda of nontraditional sexual relations around minors"
Clinton's video was released over the weekend to announce the start of her 2016 U.S. presidential campaign.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 231, Total accepted tokens: 231, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Mogadishu, Somalia (CNN)A car bomb exploded at a restaurant near the presidential palace in the heart of Somalia's capital Tuesday, killing at least 10 people, including a woman and a boy, police said. Somalia-based Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. Group spokesman Sheikh Abdiaziz Musab, speaking to pro-Al-Shabaab outlet Andalus radio, said the blast targeted and killed several Somali intelligence agents. Somali police spokesman Qasim Mohamed Roble told reporters that the car bomb killed no government official or soldier. Among the dead, he said, was a boy who shined shoes. The area is not a new target for Al-Shabaab, which has battled Somalia's government for years with the goal of establishing a fundamentalist Islamic state. The restaurant is across the street from the Central Hotel, where Al-Shabaab killed at least 15 people in a bombing and gun attack in February. The streets outside the restaurant were "littered with debris and human body parts" after Tuesday's explosion, witness Mohamed Ali said. The blast damaged nearby buildings and vehicles at a parking lot, according to Ali. Ambulances took wounded people to a nearby hospital for treatment. Tuesday's bombing is at least the third high-profile attack near or at a Mogadishu hotel since February. On February 20, militants attacked the Central Hotel, blowing up a car bomb outside before shooting people and detonating another bomb inside. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. More than a month later, on March 27, gunmen detonated explosives and shot people at a different Mogadishu hotel -- the Makka Al Mukarama -- leaving at least 20 people dead. The attack stretched into the next day before security personnel killed all the assailants. Al-Shabaab also said it was responsible for the Makka Al Mukarama attack, claiming it targeted the hotel because its guests were spies and government officials. Among those killed in the March 27 assault was Yusuf Mohamed Ismail Bari-Bari, Somalia's permanent representative to the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland, the Somali government said. Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu. CNN's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Somali police: Explosion killed no government official or soldier.
Somali Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for blast.
Restaurant is across the street from the Central Hotel, where Al-Shabaab killed at least 15 people in a bombing and gun attack in February.
Al-Shabaab has battled Somalia's government for years with the goal of establishing a fundamentalist Islamic state.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 232, Total accepted tokens: 232, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: London (CNN)Ever written yourself a note, stuffed it in your pocket and headed out into the world only to discover that, somewhere along your journey, the piece of paper has disappeared? If you live in the UK, there's a small chance that note has found its way into the hands of 23-year-old Daisy Bentley. For the past six years, the London-based artist has scoured the streets of cities and towns looking for those odd bits of paper that flutter to the ground when their owners aren't looking. Her quest has uncovered a fascinating, if idiosyncratic, collection of shopping lists, reminders, requests, love notes and motivational musings, all poignant pieces of others' lives. And now a gallery in London has put a selection on display for the public. "I wasn't intending to start a collection," she told CNN. "I always naturally collected things -- as many artists do -- and it got to the point that I was picking up every one I saw. Now I can barely walk down a street without picking up a scrap of paper." Bentley began collecting them six years ago after a note caught her eye one rainy night on a walk in her home town of Norwich, England. It's something she confesses has been a lifelong love -- keepsakes ranging from her mother's cutlery to her own dead goldfish have ended up carefully preserved in her collection for posterity. The notes project, she says, is a culmination of keeping her eyes on the sidewalk and spotting the little things that most people wouldn't notice as they walked down the street. "I get very odd looks from strangers," she admits, "but since I've made friends and families aware of the project, they get very excited when I find one while out with them." And while some dismiss such behavior as hoarding, Bentley feels it is part of human nature to hold on to items, no matter how small or insignificant they may seem. "Humans want to collect and show to others," she says. "They want to share and learn from the things they have found." She says her collecting has led to interesting anthropological insights into the human condition. One of her favorite observations is the evolution of handwriting over the past few decades, from the beautiful copperplate penmanship of the '70s to modern teen girl love notes with hearts dotting i's and multiple exclamation marks. More recently, the note collection has led to an exhibition at Stour Space gallery in London's Hackney Wick, where Bentley works as a shop and studio manager. It showcases a small part of her 1,500-strong collection. The decision to display the notes came in part from a desire to put them back into the public space. "I always wanted to showcase them, to see what people's reactions were and if anyone would come forward," she said. So far two note owners -- one a colleague from the gallery and one an employee from a pub whose beer coasters she had found on her quest -- have revealed themselves as owners of notes. Bentley gave them framed prints as a thank you. And while some may find the notion of handwritten notes quaint, as social media and smartphones begin to replace handwriting, Bentley says she finds the note collection an interesting way for an artist to explore people's lives. "Technology is useful, but sometimes the simplest ways are still the best," she said. "I still usually draw a map rather than relying on technology to get to a place -- and many people are just the same."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: London-based artist Daisy Bentley has been collecting scrap paper for six years.
She says her collecting has led to interesting anthropological insights into the human condition.
Bentley says she finds the note collection an interesting way for an artist to explore people's lives.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 233, Total accepted tokens: 233, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin signed a bill on Friday that would allow the state to perform executions with nitrogen gas if lethal injection is ruled unconstitutional or becomes unavailable. Nitrogen causes a quick loss of consciousness and then death from lack of oxygen, Fallin's office said in a press release. CNN affiliate KFOR says it's never been used in an execution in the United States. "The person will become unconscious within eight to 10 seconds and death a few minutes later. In other words, a humane, quick and painless death," said Rep. Mike Christian, one of the bill's authors, according to KFOR. Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center, told the Washington Post that the same "painless" argument had been used to advance the use of lethal injections. "The hasty manner in which this bill sped into law reflects the same lack of care with which Oklahoma has managed its execution process historically," he said. Oklahoma's executions have been put on hold while the U.S. Supreme Court reviews its use of lethal injections. Last year, the state came under scrutiny when it took 43 minutes to kill convicted killer Clayton Lockett. Fallin reaffirmed her support for the death penalty. "Oklahoma executes murderers whose crimes are especially heinous," Fallin said. "I support that policy, and I believe capital punishment must be performed effectively and without cruelty. The bill I signed today gives the state of Oklahoma another death penalty option that meets that standard." The governor's office said the first alternative for execution is lethal injection, followed by nitrogen gas, the electric chair and the firing squad.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Oklahoma governor signs bill allowing executions with nitrogen gas.
Governor's office says nitrogen gas causes loss of consciousness and death.
Governor reaffirms support for death penalty.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 234, Total accepted tokens: 234, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The American Pharmacists Association is discouraging its members from participating in executions. On Monday, the group voted at its annual meeting to adopt a ban as an official policy, stating that "such activities are fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists as healthcare providers." This bolsters the association's previous positions to oppose the use of the term "drug" for chemicals used in lethal injection and to oppose laws that require or prohibit pharmacists from participation in lethal injection cases. The group acted this week because of increased public attention on lethal injection, said Michelle Spinnler, spokeswoman for the American Pharmacists Association. That spotlight includes a January Supreme Court decision to stay the execution for three death row inmates in Oklahoma. This was prompted by Clayton Lockett's execution by lethal injection nearly one year ago in which he writhed on a gurney for 43 minutes before he died from a heart attack. In Georgia last month, the execution of female death row inmate Kelly Renee Gissendaner was postponed as a precaution when the execution team checked the medications and discovered they looked cloudy. Thirty-two sates allow capital punishment, and lethal injection is still the most common method. Last month, Utah Gov. Gary R. Herbert signed a law reinstating firing squads as a method of execution in cases in which lethal injection medications are not available. Of the eight inmates currently on death row in Utah, three opted for the new choice of death by firing squad. Pentobarbital is the preferred drug used for lethal injection. In Texas, the department of criminal justice told CNN in March they are running out of their supply. In July 2011, Lundbeck Inc., the manufacturer of pentobarbital, decided to no longer provide the drug to prisons for use in capital punishment. The companies that manufacture the products traditionally used in executions almost unilaterally decided to stop selling to institutions that used the products for that purpose, so states then turned to compounded preparations, Spinnler said. "Pharmacists should not be involved in preparation of these products or involved in executions in any other way." she says. The new declaration by the American Pharmacists Association aligns with positions held by other professional medical organizations such as the American Medical Association, the American Nurses Association and the American Board of Anesthesiology.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: American Pharmacists Association votes to adopt ban as official policy.
Group says "such activities are fundamentally contrary to the role of pharmacists"
Group acts because of increased public attention on lethal injection.
Group says "Pharmacists should not be involved in preparation of these products"
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 235, Total accepted tokens: 235, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tokyo (CNN)A second robotic probe sent into the crippled Fukushima nuclear plant has captured images of a strange green glow. Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) deployed the second remote-controlled robot last week after the first one broke down. The robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected, an indicator that cooling systems were working effectively, according to a statement released by TEPCO. "It is a great step forward towards the decommissioning work as we can earn necessary data for the next investigation," said Akira Ono, the chief of Fukushima Daiichi plant. TEPCO said the yellow seen on the images seemed to suggest a discoloration of the grating, though the cause was unknown. It said the green glow could not be seen when filmed from other angles. The shape-shifting robots were sent in to assess the damage in one of the reactors that suffered a meltdown after a devastating earthquake and tsunami in March 2011. TEPCO says the site's still too dangerous for workers to enter. The first robot, which was sent in on April 10, stalled after moving about 10 meters, according to a statement released by TEPCO.  A report and footage from the robot shows that a fallen object had blocked its path and left it stranded. TEPCO decided to cut off the cable connected to the device on April 12 as it had already collected data on radiation levels in 14 of the 18 targeted locations, completing around two-thirds of the originally planned route. The second robot was sent in on April 15 and collected data from all 11 points, as scheduled. Four years after the devastating nuclear crisis, the radiation levels inside the three damaged reactors are still extremely high and remain unsafe for people to enter. Decommissioning work is estimated to cost $50 billion and will take years to complete. TEPCO called the robotic probe an "unprecedented" experiment. CNN's Yoko Wakatsuki and Junko Ogura reported from Tokyo, Japan and Naomi Ng wrote from Hong Kong.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Second robotic probe sent into crippled Fukushima nuclear plant.
Robot detected lower radiation levels and temperature than expected.
Robot was sent in to assess damage in one of the reactors that suffered a meltdown.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 236, Total accepted tokens: 236, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Mike Rowe is coming to a river near you. "Sometimes, you hear about a person who makes you feel good about humanity, but bad about yourself," Rowe says. On Thursday's episode of "Somebody's Gotta Do It," Rowe meets up with Chad Pregracke, the founder of Living Lands & Waters, who does just that. Pregracke wants to clean up the nation's rivers one piece of detritus at a time. His quota? Always "more." Read Mike Rowe's Facebook post on how to break our litter habit. Since he founded the nonprofit in 1998 at the ripe age of 23, Pregracke and more than 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash from U.S. waterways. Those efforts helped him earn the 2013 CNN Hero of the Year Award, along with numerous other honors. "Wherever you are, no matter if there's a stream, a creek, a lake, whatever, that needs to be cleaned up, you can do it. Just organize it and do it," he told CNN's Anderson Cooper after his win. Pregracke also gives Rowe a tour of the 150-foot, solar-powered barge that the Living Lands & Waters staff calls home during lengthy cleanups. The part-home, part-office, part-dumpster has seven bedrooms, two bathrooms, a classroom and a kitchen -- and just happens to be made from a recycled strip club. According to the organization's latest annual report, Pregracke has made it his mission in 2015 to remove 500,000 more pounds of trash. If you'd like to help achieve this goal, visit his website to learn how to help: LivingLandsAndWaters.org/Get-Involved/ .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Chad Pregracke founded Living Lands & Waters in 1998.
Pregracke and more than 87,000 volunteers have collected 8.4 million pounds of trash.
Pregracke has made it his mission in 2015 to remove 500,000 more pounds of trash.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 237, Total accepted tokens: 237, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A couple in their 20s, who led a youth ministry, and their baby boy were driving underneath a highway overpass in Bonney Lake, a Seattle suburb, when other motorists heard the crackle of a pending collapse. Concrete from a construction project crashed onto the family's car, killing Josh and Vanessa Ellis and their 8-month-old son, Hudson, authorities said. "The damage was so severe it was impossible to tell how many victims were in the vehicle. The only thing we had was we could tell there was one victim," said Officer Todd Green of Bonney Lake Police Department, according to CNN affiliate KOMO. It took nine hours Monday for crews to remove enough debris to discover the death toll on Angeline Road underneath State Route 410, authorities said. Authorities continued their investigation Tuesday, but initial findings were that there was an ongoing construction project on the highway and a side jersey barrier "came loose and fell onto the roadway," Green told the station. "When it fell off the overpass, it landed square on the roof of the vehicle," Green added. Josh and Vanessa Ellis were youth pastors at the EastPointe Foursquare Church in Puyallup, near Bonney Lake, the church said. The couple earlier wrote a short autobiography on the church website: "We love to laugh. We are passionate about seeing young people discover the love and grace that Jesus abundantly pours out on them. "We get really excited about good coffee, quality time with friends and Seattle welcoming an NBA basketball team back to our city," the couple wrote. "We love drive-in movies, frozen yogurt, dates to IKEA and trips to the beach." Lead Pastor James Ludlow said his church was reeling. "We are stunned! Shocked! Wounded, broken and dismayed. But we know one thing for sure ... they are in glory in the loving arms of our King Jesus!" Ludlow said on the church's Facebook page. Motorist Dawn Nelson was driving behind the Ellis' vehicle. "I was just a second or two behind him," Nelson told KOMO. "I could hear the three crunch sounds and then it just came down." Neighbors recounted a violent collapse. "I thought a semi had come down the guardrail here in front," neighbor Katie Vance told the station. She felt the crash inside her home. "It was a metal sound and a very heavy sound ... it was through your feet - like a guttural. It shook the whole house," she told the affiliate. CNN's Amanda Watts contributed to this story.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Couple in their 20s, baby boy killed in crash underneath highway overpass.
Josh and Vanessa Ellis, 8-month-old Hudson, were driving underneath overpass.
Authorities: There was an ongoing construction project on the highway.
Lead Pastor James Ludlow says his church is "stunned"
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 238, Total accepted tokens: 238, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN) An Asiana Airlines plane overran a runway while landing at Japan's Hiroshima Airport on Tuesday evening, prompting the airport to temporarily close, the Japanese transportation ministry said. Twenty-three people had minor injuries after Flight 162 landed at 8:05 p.m., according to fire department and ministry sources. There were 73 passengers and eight crew members -- including five cabin attendants, two pilots and a maintenance official -- aboard when the flight took off from South Korea's Incheon International Airport at 6:34 p.m. local time, Asiana said in a statement late Tuesday. Authorities are investigating initial reports that the Airbus A320 may have hit an object on the runway during landing, causing damage to the rear of its body and the cover of the engine on the left wing, the ministry said. Video of the scene showed the aircraft's body turned around, with its nose pointing in the direction that the plane had come from. Hiroshima Airport closed because of the incident Tuesday night while fire department officials worked at the scene. Airbus, the plane's manufacturer, is aware of the incident and is working to gather more information, Airbus regional media relations manager Marie Caujolle said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Plane overruns runway during landing at Japan's Hiroshima Airport.
Twenty-three people have minor injuries.
Plane was carrying 73 passengers and eight crew members.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.79
Total generated tokens: 239, Total accepted tokens: 239, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Five years after the Deepwater Horizon rig exploded and unleashed the largest marine oil spill in the nation's history, we are still experiencing -- yet only beginning to truly understand -- its profound environmental and economic repercussions. The immediate aftermath of the oil spill has been well documented, with declines in tourism and the seafood industry, as well as the significant destruction of wildlife in the region. Since then, the amount of oil in the area has dissipated and communities have started to show signs of recovery. In fact, reports indicate that the Gulf of Mexico's seafood industry, which supplies the United States with roughly 40% of its seafood, is finally starting to rebound. However, profound challenges remain, in part because so many questions about the long-term consequences remain unanswered. To this day, it's still unclear where all of the oil went, exactly how much remains or whether the reappearance of wildlife is a result of adaptation or a signal that the crisis is truly abating. One of the populations that can provide insight into these questions is the Gulf crab. Crabs play an important role in the region: Roughly 60 million pounds were fished in the Gulf in 2012, earning tens of millions in revenue. Yet in the aftermath of the spill, changes to crustacean communities in the area were quite apparent to the naked eye. Researchers documented substantial differences in appearance, and deformities in crabs that were affected by the spill including lesions so numerous they ate through the joints, forcing limbs to fall off. These traits have affected not only the crabs' market value but also likely their ability to survive. While these changes in outward appearance have dissipated in the short-term, the health of these crabs could still be precarious. I have been working with colleagues at Florida International University and University of Louisiana at Lafayette to better understand what might be happening biologically inside the crab when it is exposed to oil and the dispersant used to respond to the spill. Using the power of genomics and computational biology, we analyzed the genes of flat back mud crabs that were exposed to oil from the Macondo Prospect where the Deepwater Horizon rig was drilling when it exploded or to a combination of oil and dispersant in the lab. By studying gene expression, the process that turns information from a gene into a product that functions within a cell, we searched for indicators that might signal exposure to oil and, based on the types of changes we might see, clues as to how the crabs respond. Although we are still in the early stages of our research, we are seeing significant differences in gene expression connected to exposure -- meaning the crabs are turning some genes on or off in response to oil and dispersant. We are still working to determine whether these changes impact their ability to survive and reproduce. It's not just Gulf crabs that are experiencing changes. Research on different species and other aspects of the regional environment is starting to show that there could be long-term effects resulting from the oil spill and the response to the spill. This not only has consequences for the Gulf area, where oil drilling continues, but also for communities along the Atlantic Coast, where the Obama administration has recently announced a plan to open unprecedented oil and natural gas exploration. (BP's vice president of communications, Geoff Morrell, told CNN that wildlife species in the Gulf have "bounced back and "there is no data that suggests there are any long-term population-level impacts to any species.") With the virtual certainty of more spills, we need a lot more information on the consequences of these disasters and how we can combat them effectively and efficiently. The U.S. Department of the Interior and the Environmental Protection Agency are making some progress. In coming months, they are releasing changes to regulations and response plans based on the early lessons learned from the Deepwater Horizon spill. But government agencies cannot just rely on the short-term data to determine the best response for the next oil spill crisis. Instead, the government and oil companies should work together to support ongoing, long-term ecological research so that we have a better grasp of what "normal" looks like and what factors are important in maintaining those conditions even after a disastrous oil spill. Only then will we truly understand the impact of offshore drilling and the best ways to respond to crises to protect our most important natural resources.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Gulf of Mexico's seafood industry is finally starting to rebound.
Researchers are studying how Gulf crabs respond to oil.
Oil spill has profound environmental and economic repercussions.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 240, Total accepted tokens: 240, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)North Korea accused Mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships Wednesday and demanded the release of the vessel and crew. The ship, the Mu Du Bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July. Mexico defended the move Wednesday, saying it followed proper protocol because the company that owns the ship, North Korea's Ocean Maritime Management company, has skirted United Nations sanctions. "Because the company has avoided the sanctions imposed by the U.N. Security Council, the Mexican government is acting on the basis of its international obligations as a responsible U.N. member state," the Permanent Mission of Mexico to the United Nations said. The Security Council blacklisted Ocean Maritime Management in July, saying it "played a key role in arranging the shipment of concealed arms and related materiel" on another ship, the Chong Chon Gang, which was detained by Panama in 2013. But An Myong Hun, North Korea's deputy ambassador to the United Nations, said there was no reason to hold the Mu Du Bong and accused Mexico of violating the crew members' human rights by keeping them from their families. "Mu Du Bong is a peaceful, merchant ship and it has not shipped any items prohibited by international laws or regulations," An told reporters at the United Nations headquarters Wednesday. "And we have already paid full compensation to Mexican authorities according to its domestic laws." According to Mexico's U.N. mission, the 33 North Korean nationals who make up the vessel's crew are free, staying at a hotel in the port city of Tuxpan and regularly visiting the ship to check on it. They will soon be sent back to North Korea with help from the country's embassy, Mexican authorities said. In the case of the Chong Chon Gang, Panamanian authorities found it was carrying undeclared weaponry from Cuba -- including MiG fighter jets, anti-aircraft systems and explosives -- buried under thousands of bags of sugar. Panama seized the cargo and held onto the ship and its crew for months. North Korea eventually agreed to pay a fine of $666,666 for the vessel's release. CNN's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: North Korea accuses Mexico of illegally holding one of its cargo ships.
Ship, the Mu Du Bong, was detained after it ran aground off the coast of Mexico in July.
Mexico says it followed proper protocol because the company that owns the ship has skirted U.N. sanctions.
North Korea's deputy ambassador to the U.N. says there is no reason to hold the Mu Du Bong.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 241, Total accepted tokens: 241, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)An American teenager who helped her boyfriend stuff her mother's lifeless body into a suitcase at an upmarket hotel in Bali has been sentenced to 10 years in prison. Heather Mack, 19, who gave birth to her own daughter just weeks ago, was found guilty with her 21-year-old boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, of killing Sheila von Wiese-Mack on the Indonesian island last August. Schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison for battering von Wiese-Mack to death in room 317 of the St. Regis Bali Resort. Schaefer had claimed he killed his girlfriend's mother in self-defense after a violent argument erupted over the young couple's relationship. The beaten body of von Wiese-Mack was found in a large silver suitcase that the couple had loaded in a waiting taxi outside the resort.  They told the driver they'd be back soon, but after a lengthy wait he alerted hotel staff who inspected the bag, noticed blood and called police. The lovers were arrested after being found the following morning at another hotel about 15 kilometers (nine miles) away. Inside the bag, von Wiese-Mack's body had been wrapped in hotel bedding. A forensic examination determined that she had died from a blunt force to the face that fractured her facial bones and caused her to suffocate. Described as a Chicago socialite, von Wiese-Mack was reported to have a troubled relationship with her teenage daughter. Schaefer denied that the murder was premeditated. He told the court that he acted in self-defense when his girlfriend's mother started strangling him during an argument in the Bali hotel room. "She squeezed my neck for about 20 to 30 seconds. I couldn't breathe. I had blood going to my head and my eyes were so watery," Schaefer told the court. He said he reached for a nearby bowl "before she could."  "I couldn't see for a moment because my eyes were so watery and I was distraught, I was in a state of mind, I had no idea what was happening. I was almost about to black out. And I grabbed it and I started swinging," he told the court. Mack told the court her mother had threatened to kill the couple's unborn baby, according to local media. The prosecutor alleged that the two planned the murder, because Mack's mother disapproved of their relationship. After being detained by police, the couple initially claimed they'd been taken captive at the resort by an armed gang, whose members killed Heather's mother, and from whom they managed to escape. The two were tried separately, though both trials were heard by the same court, with the same prosecutors. Prosecutors had sought a prison sentence of 18 years for Schaefer and 15 years for Mack. Under Indonesian law, Mack will be allowed to keep her baby with her in prison for two years, after which she can nominate who should take custody. Journalists Fairuz Husaini and Ragil Lestari and CNN's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Teenage girl, boyfriend found guilty of killing girlfriend's mother.
Schaefer was sentenced to 18 years in prison for battering von Wiese-Mack.
Schaefer claimed he killed girlfriend's mother in self-defense after argument.
He said he reached for a nearby bowl "before she could" strike him.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 242, Total accepted tokens: 242, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Madonna has a thing for making out with fellow performers on stage. First it was Britney and Christina, and now rapper Drake has been on the receiving end of a little lip action from Madge. While the blondes had fun with it, Drake appeared less than enthused after Madonna's prolonged smooch onstage at the Coachella music festival in California on Sunday. In an update Monday from "champagnepapi" himself on Instagram, the rapper clarified his reaction: "Don't misinterpret my shock!! I got to make out with the queen Madonna and I feel 100 about that forever. Thank you @Madonna." After the kiss, though, he seemed dazed. "Oh, s***. What the f*** just happened?" he asked moments later from the stage. It all went down after Drake performed  "Madonna," a song named for the megastar off his new mixtape "If You're Reading This It's Too Late," according to Billboard. He welcomed Madonna onstage as a special guest to perform a few songs. While wrapping up "Human Nature," the Material Girl, 56, planted one on the seated Drake, 28, who began to flail his arms after a while in an apparent attempt to escape. His sour face after the encounter led many to speculate that he didn't enjoy the kiss. Of course, Drake and Madonna's little makeout sesh got the web talking and meme-ing: . "So @Drake proves that kissing @Madonna is about as ghastly as I always imagined it would be," wrote former CNN personality Piers Morgan. "Grandma: give Nana some suga . Drake: no no noooooo!!!" wrote another Tweeter.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Drake and Madonna make out onstage at Coachella.
Drake appeared less than enthused after the kiss.
Drake and Madonna's little makeout sesh got the web talking and meme-ing.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 243, Total accepted tokens: 243, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Boston (CNN)Now the real Boston Marathon trial can begin. A federal jury's decision to convict Dzhokhar Tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings was the most anticlimactic of anticlimaxes. The 21-year-old's lawyers admitted from the beginning that their client had participated in the horrific terrorist attack, which both scarred and strengthened this city. The outcome of this first phase may have been preordained, but nearly two years after the bombing, the trial has held Boston and the region in thrall — more so than I might have imagined. The case regularly lands on the front pages of our two daily newspapers, the Globe and the Herald, and often leads the local television newscasts. The Twitter feeds of reporters covering the trial are avidly followed. We haven't learned much new, although harrowing details about the deaths of the Tsarnaev brothers' four victims have come out. More than anything, many people find something cathartic in seeing the seemingly insolent, unrepentant Tsarnaev being brought to justice. The only issue to be decided is whether Tsarnaev should be executed. Which is why the second phase of his trial is the one that really matters. Was Tsarnaev so thoroughly under the sway of his radicalized older brother, Tamerlan, that he should be spared lethal injection? Or had this seemingly typical teenager transformed himself into a hardened jihadist who obsessed over al Qaeda propaganda such as the article "Make a bomb in the kitchen of your mom"? What kind of justice should Tsarnaev receive? There is no death penalty in Massachusetts, and in September 2013, according to a Globe poll, 57% of respondents supported life in prison for Tsarnaev; just 33% said he should be executed. By moving the case into federal court, U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder made it likely that Tsarnaev would receive the death penalty. Keep in mind that no members of the jury were deemed eligible to serve unless they stated beforehand that they were willing to consider putting Tsarnaev to death. But imagine a different scenario in which Tsarnaev had been allowed to plead guilty in return for a life sentence. He would have been denied the public stage he has been granted; although he has not testified (so far), his terrorist actions have been replayed over and over again for people to see the world over. The 2015 Boston Marathon will take place in less than two weeks, on Monday, April 20. Thousands of runners will clog the 26.2-mile route, and tens of thousands will cheer them on — as they did last year, proving to the world that we will not be intimidated. And Tsarnaev's lawyers will still be fighting for their client's life. It is a natural if disturbing reaction to events like this that it's easier to remember the names of the perpetrators than of their victims. But Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is a loser and a nobody. He should be allowed to fade away into the obscurity of a maximum-security prison cell. The people who deserve to be remembered are those he and his brother killed on Marathon Day — Martin Richard, Krystle Campbell and Lingzi Lu — and Sean Collier, the MIT police officer they executed in cold blood. It is they who should live on in our collective memories.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is charged with 30 counts related to the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings.
The jury's decision to convict Tsarnaev of 30 charges related to the bombings was the most anticlimactic of anticlimaxes.
The outcome of this first phase may have been preordained, but nearly two years after the bombing, the trial has held Boston and the region in thrall.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 244, Total accepted tokens: 244, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN)Brazilian supermodel Gisele Bundchen sashayed down the catwalk at Sao Paulo Fashion Week on Wednesday night in an emotional farewell to the runway. Bundchen announced over the weekend that she would be retiring from the catwalk, though not the fashion industry. The 34-year-old, who is married to New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady and has two children, has said she wants to spend more time with her family. On Wednesday night, Brady had a front-row seat at what was hailed as a historic moment in Brazil's fashion world. Bundchen wrote about her fashion career on her Instagram account: "I am grateful that at 14, I was given the opportunity to start this journey. Today after 20 years in the industry, it is a privilege to be doing my last fashion show by choice and yet still be working in other facets of the business."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Gisele Bundchen announces she will be retiring from the runway.
The Brazilian supermodel has said she wants to spend more time with her family.
Bundchen and her husband, Tom Brady, are married.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 245, Total accepted tokens: 245, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The TV season is winding down, and the finales are starting. Those endings lead off this week's six things to watch. 1. "The Americans," 10 p.m. ET Wednesday, FX . Critics continue to praise "The Americans" as one of the best series on TV, and every finale has delivered in a big way. Season 3 has seen a battle for the soul of daughter Paige, the return of fan favorite Margo Martindale and Soviet agent Nina getting back in the game. The finale is titled "March 8, 1983." That's the date when President Reagan called the Soviet Union an "evil empire." We shall see what surprises lie in store for the season ender. 2. "Fresh Off the Boat," 8 p.m. ET Tuesday, ABC . Critics and viewers seem to have taken to "Fresh," the first sitcom with an Asian-American cast since the 1990s. It hasn't been picked up for a second season, but the signs are looking good. 3. "Vikings," 10 p.m. ET Thursday, History . The first History Channel scripted series, which been renewed for a fourth season, wraps up on Thursday. 4. "Scorpion," 8 p.m. ET Monday, CBS . This based-on-a-true-story show, about a ragtag band of geniuses sent on secret missions, got a lot of hype for CBS in the early going, and that was enough to get it a second season. With the producers safe in that knowledge, we could get a surprising season finale. 5. "Broadchurch," 10 p.m. ET Wednesday, BBC America . Fox's American remake, "Gracepoint," didn't last, but the British mystery series starring David Tennant continues. Another murder could be solved -- and the trial based on the events of season 1 resolved -- by the end of this finale. 6. Academy of Country Music Awards, 8 p.m. ET Sunday, CBS . Luke Bryan and Blake Shelton return to host the 50th annual awards. Christina Aguilera is set to perform a "surprise duet" (yes, that Christina Aguilera).<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "The Americans" finale is titled "March 8, 1983"
"Fresh Off the Boat" is the first sitcom with an Asian-American cast since the 1990s.
"Vikings" is the first History Channel scripted series.
"Scorpion" is based on a true story.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 246, Total accepted tokens: 246, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A look at Oklahoma City, 20 years later. A fly-by of Pluto, 4 billion miles away. And the struggle to save the last male northern white rhino in the world. These are your best videos of the week: . On April 19, 1995, the Alfred R. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, was bombed by two disaffected young Americans. One hundred sixty-eight people died in the terrorist attack, including 19 children. As the 20th anniversary of the tragedy approaches, CNN captured video of the memorial that stands on the site today. The video is at the top of this story. The use of marijuana as a medicinal treatment actually dates back millennia, to at least 2730 B.C. CNN's Sanjay Gupta looks at the history of the herb in medicine -- including its prescription by Queen Victoria's doctor. Watch the video: . Just because you're a politician doesn't mean you come naturally to glad-handing. From the "swing and miss" to the "smile, the cameras are rolling," the video age has captured a number of strange attempts by politicians attempting to look socially casual. Watch the video: . Just as Jimmy Fallon become the go-to guy for viral video, newly minted "Late Late Show" host James Corden began staking his claim. CNN's Lisa France addresses the latest late-night matchups. Watch the video: . On Thursday, a video of ESPN reporter Britt McHenry insulting a tow company clerk came out -- and immediately went viral. McHenry was suspended for a week. Watch the video: . There are just four countries in the entire world that don't guarantee any form of paid maternity leave. The U.S. is one of them. This and other details of women's status in the United States are examined in this video, as well as a remarkable series by CNN's Jessica Ravitz. Watch the video: . Five northern white rhinoceroses are left in the entire world. All are in captivity -- and just one is male. He's now being protected by armed guards around the clock. Watch the video: . TEPCO, the Japanese utility, sent a robot in to examine the remains of the Fukushima nuclear plant, destroyed in a 2011 tsunami. What it recorded was startling. Watch the video: . Leave it to NASA to create a car that might make the problems of parallel parking a thing of the past. Oh, and it'll also probably work well on space missions. Former NFL player Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of murder earlier this week. What happened at his trial? Watch the video: . This summer, after nine years traveling through space, the New Horizons spacecraft is scheduled to reach Pluto. What will we learn? Some new pictures offer clues.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN's Sanjay Gupta looks at the history of the herb in medicine.
CNN's Lisa France addresses the latest late-night matchups.
CNN's Jessica Ravitz examines women's status in the United States.
Five northern white rhinoceroses are left in the entire world.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 247, Total accepted tokens: 247, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)The author of a 2006 novel has accused the "Avengers" director and "Cabin" director Drew Goddard of stealing his idea. With just weeks until his box-office victory lap for "Avengers: Age of Ultron," Joss Whedon is now facing a lawsuit accusing him of stealing the idea for the 2012 meta-horror movie The Cabin in the Woods. Whedon produced and co-wrote the script for Cabin with director Drew Goddard, a writer on Whedon's "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" and a fanboy favorite in his own right, with credits that include Netflix's "Daredevil" (and reportedly may soon include Sony's upcoming Spider-Man projects). Whedon and Goddard are named as defendants, along with Lionsgate and Whedon's Mutant Enemy production company, in the complaint filed Monday in California federal court. Joss Whedon Slams 'Jurassic World' Clip as "'70s-Era Sexist" In the complaint, Peter Gallagher (no, not that Peter Gallagher) claims Whedon and Goddard took the idea for "The Cabin in the Woods" from his 2006 novel "The Little White Trip: A Night In the Pines." He's suing for copyright infringement and wants $10 million in damages. Gallagher is basing his claim on the works' similar premises: Both feature a group of young people terrorized by monsters while staying at a cabin in what is revealed to be (spoiler alert) a horror-film scenario designed by mysterious operators. Read the full complaint. Gallagher also alleges similarities between the characters' names and personalities -- his book's blond Julie and shy Dura and the film's Jules (Anna Hutchison) and Dana (Kristen Connolly), and handsome and scatterbrained men in both works -- and certain scenes involving the characters finding strange items in their respective cabins and discovering hidden cameras. 'Age of Ultron': Quicksilver and Scarlet Witch Are "Massively Important," Says Joss Whedon (Video) In the complaint, Gallagher describes how he self-published the novel and "began grassroots efforts" to sell it on the Venice Beach boardwalk and on Santa Monica's Third Street Promenade. "[The defendants] currently reside and operate out of Santa Monica, California, a short distance from where the Book was sold," the lawsuit claims. Gallagher alleges that he "was contacted by multiple credited entertainment industry producers who expressed interest in the Book," but he doesn't specify Lionsgate or Mutant Enemy. A Lionsgate spokesman declined to comment. The Hollywood Reporter has reached out to representatives for Whedon and Goddard. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Joss Whedon accuses Drew Goddard of stealing his idea for "The Cabin in the Woods"
Whedon and Goddard are named as defendants, along with Lionsgate and Mutant Enemy.
Whedon's novel was based on a true story, but the film is a meta-horror.
Whedon's novel was based on a true story, but the film is a meta-horror.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 248, Total accepted tokens: 248, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The much-discussed trailer for "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice" just got a makeover. Soon after the trailer went up late on Friday, YouTuber Bobby Burns got to work on doing his own version using classic superhero footage. Instead of Ben Affleck and Henry Cavill facing off, this version wonders what it would be like if comics' classic characters Adam West and Christopher Reeve took their places. CNN spoke to 18-year-old Burns about what motivated him to make his now-viral video. (Warner Bros. Pictures, the studio behind "Batman v. Superman," is owned by Time Warner, as is CNN.) CNN: When did you start making YouTube videos like this? Burns: At age 11. I work for the Made In Network in Nashville, Tennessee. CNN: Where did this idea come from? Burns: I'm pretty hyped for "Batman v. Superman." As soon as I saw the trailer, my brain immediately went to the classic "Batman" [TV series] and I thought how funny it would be if this film was made at the time. CNN: What were you looking to accomplish? Burns: I wanted to contrast the old with the new. CNN: What kind of reaction have you received? Burns: Within an hour of the trailer going up, I went to work on the edit. Within four hours, my edit was finished and up on the Internet. The reaction has been great! It's awesome to see so many people enjoying what I made. Take a look at the fan trailer below: .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: YouTube YouTuber Bobby Burns makes his own version of the "Batman v. Superman" trailer.
He uses classic superhero footage to make a parody of the new film.
Burns says he was inspired by the trailer and wanted to contrast the old with the new.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 249, Total accepted tokens: 249, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)How will the new "Fantastic Four" differ from the original movie of a decade ago? For starters, as a new trailer shows, Sue and Johnny Storm's father initiates the project that ends up giving the foursome their powers. They also end up in another dimension, and we see the early flirtation between Sue Storm and Reed Richards as well. The movie, due out August 7, promises a very different take on the classic Marvel comics characters, played this go-round by Miles Teller, Kate Mara, Michael B. Jordan and Jamie Bell. We also get our first glimpse of the villainous Dr. Doom in this new trailer, released Sunday. Fans on Twitter had mixed reactions. Check out the trailer here: . The trailerpalooza of "Star Wars," "Batman v. Superman" and "Fantastic Four" kept sci-fi and superhero fans chattering all weekend. Not to be outdone, the new trailer for "Jurassic World" came out Monday morning. It features even more of star Chris Pratt. Pratt's scientist character knows dinosaurs better than anyone. After a genetically modified mutant dinosaur escapes from an island theme park along with others, he takes charge of a mission to contain the dangerous creatures. (The trailer also includes part of a scene that caused controversy after Joss Whedon called it "sexist" last week.) The movie is first in the rampaging-dino franchise since "Jurassic Park III" in 2001. And, as we see for the first time, the dinosaurs have learned to communicate with each other. Uh-oh. Early word on Twitter was pretty good. Here's the new trailer for the movie, out June 12: .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Fantastic Four" trailer shows new "Fantastic Four" will differ from original movie.
Movie is due out August 7, and it promises a very different take on the classic Marvel comics characters.
The movie is first in the rampaging-dino franchise since "Jurassic Park III" in 2001.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 250, Total accepted tokens: 250, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Olivia Wilde and Garrett Hedlund are set to return for Disney's "Tron 3." The pair will reprise their characters from 2010's "Tron: Legacy" in the sequel, which is being directed by Joseph Kosinski. "Legacy" was the sequel to the 1982 sci-fi film that took place inside a computer world known as the Grid and starred Jeff Bridges and Bruce Boxleitner. While not a hit at the time, it later drew a big cult following and became an influence on filmmakers and pop culture. Decades later, Disney revisited the world with "Legacy." The story revealed that the computer-programmer character played by Bridges had a son (Hedlund) who jumped into the Grid to find his father. Wilde was Quorra, an algorithm-made-flesh who also happened to kick butt. How Warner Bros. can differentiate itself in the Marvel vs. DC battle (Analysis) Disney has been developing a sequel to "Legacy" since the movie grossed $400 million worldwide. Hedlund in 2012 said he would return to the visual-effects-heavy franchise, but that was when the project was circling a 2014 start. The project is now looking to shoot this fall, likely in Vancouver, British Columbia. Plot details are being kept offline. When will 'Star Trek' get a cinematic universe? Justin Springer will be involved as a producer. Wilde is coming off starring in the Blumhouse-produced horror movie "The Lazarus Effect." She is repped by WME, Untitled and Ziffren Brittenham. Why more 'Star Wars' actors haven't vecome stars . Hedlund just boarded Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk and will be playing "Hook" in Pan, Warner Bros.' retelling of "Peter Pan." He is repped by WME, Brillstein Entertainment and Sloane Offer. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Tron 3" will be directed by Joseph Kosinski.
Wilde and Hedlund will reprise their characters from "Tron: Legacy"
The sequel will be a sequel to the 1982 sci-fi film "Tron"
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 251, Total accepted tokens: 251, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A fiery sunset greeted people in Washington Sunday. The deep reddish color caught Seattle native Tim Durkan's eye. He photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset warming the city's skyline and shared them on CNN iReport. The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia. "The dramatic sunsets began showing up over the weekend and had Seattle locals wondering where the amber-colored haze was originating from," Durken said. The fires were started in southeastern Siberia, by farmers burning grass in their fields. But on April 14, it is believed that the flames quickly grew out of control because of strong winds and spread throughout the region, according to CNN affiliate KOMO-TV. As a result, the fires have destroyed dozens of villages in the region. Rescue crews were able to put out the flames. However, the lingering smoke from the widespread fires were picked up by atmospheric winds. The winds carried the smoke from Siberia across the Pacific Ocean and brought it to the Pacific Northwest. Parts of Oregon, Washington and British Columbia are seeing the results of the smoke, wind and solar light combination. The reason people are seeing an intense red sunset is a result of smoke particles filtering out the shorter wavelength colors from the sunlight like greens, blues, yellows and purples, KOMO-TV said. That means colors like red and orange are able to penetrate the air unfiltered. The colors are especially intense during sunrises and sunsets because there is more atmosphere for the light to travel through to get to a person's eye. As the smoke starts to dissipate, air quality will get better and these fiery sunsets will lose their reddish hue.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Seattle native Tim Durkan photographed a handful of aerial shots of the sunset.
The stunning sunsets were the result of raging wildfires in parts of Siberia.
The fires were started in southeastern Siberia, by farmers burning grass in their fields.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 252, Total accepted tokens: 252, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN)A suicide bomber on a motorbike blew himself up in front of the Kabul Bank in Jalalabad early Saturday, a local government spokesman said. The ISIS terrorist group claimed responsibility for the attack. The explosion killed at least 33 people and injured more than 100 others, public health spokesman Najibullah Kamawal said. The claim appears to be the first in Afghanistan by ISIS, CNN's Nick Paton Walsh said. It was made by an offshoot called ISIS Wilayat Khorasan. In a statement, the group said the bomber was named Abu Mohammad and he belonged to their ranks. He was targeting government workers collecting their pay at the bank, the terrorists said. He detonated his charge at the peak of rush hour on the first day of the week, when the bank would be expected to be crowded. Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid, in a text message to journalists, distanced his group from the attack. "The explosion in Jalalabad doesn't have anything to do with us and we condemn it," he said. ISIS refers to Afghanistan and Pakistan as the province of "Khorasan." In March, CNN reported on ISIS recruiting in Afghanistan. The United Nations condemned the violence. "The continuing use of suicide attacks in densely populated areas, that are certain to kill and maim large numbers of Afghan civilians, may amount to a war crime," said Nicholas Haysom, head of the United Nations Assistance Mission in Afghanistan. The United Nations said that in the first three months of the year 655 people were killed and 1,155 were wounded in suicide attacks throughout the country. Fears about ISIS involvement in the region have been growing this year. In February, Mullah Abdul Rauf, a former Taliban commander who had become a recruiter for ISIS in Afghanistan, was killed in a drone strike, according to officials who spoke to CNN. And later that same week, Gen. John Campbell, the top U.S. and NATO commander in Afghanistan, told the Senate Armed Services Committee that he was concerned about the growth of ISIS in the area. "You do have some of the Taliban breaking off and claiming allegiance toward ISIS," Campbell said, attributing the phenomenon partly to a feeling of disenfranchisement on the parts of some Taliban members -- who, he said, may use ISIS tactics to gain media attention. CNN's Brian Walker, Ben Brumfield and Don Melvin contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Explosion kills at least 33 people, injures more than 100.
NEW: Explosion appears to be first by ISIS in Afghanistan.
NEW: Taliban spokesman distances his group from the attack.
NEW: United Nations condemns the violence.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 253, Total accepted tokens: 253, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Three British citizens arrested in the United Arab Emirates after they were found plane spotting near Fujairah airport are to be released Monday, their lawyer, Nasser al-Hashem, tells CNN. The three have been in jail since February 22. "We made our defense, and the judge made the decision to drop the case," al-Hashem said. No charges were filed, there will be no travel ban, and the men will not face deportation, he said. Conrad Clitheroes, 54, and Gary Cooper, 45, were on a five-day visit to the UAE from Manchester when they were arrested. The third man, Neil Munro, is a British national who lives in the UAE. As a hobby, plane spotters view and photograph aircraft around the world.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: British citizens arrested in UAE after they spotted plane near Fujairah airport.
They are to be released Monday, their lawyer tells CNN.
No charges were filed, there will be no travel ban, and the men will not face deportation.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 254, Total accepted tokens: 254, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has been caught on camera guzzling a glass of beer in seven seconds amid raucous cheers from onlookers. His feat of swift consumption in a crowded bar impressed some people but annoyed others. And observers were quick to point out that Abbott had previously criticized binge drinking in Australia. Abbott was in a Sydney pub on Saturday evening when a group of Australian rules football players invited him to have a drink with them. The Prime Minister accepted and even gave a short, impromptu speech, one of the football coaches, Simon Carrodus, told The Australian Woman's Weekly. "Then he proceeds to reach down and grab a schooner and he drank from head-to-toe the entire schooner, dribbling little bits on his shirt ... tipped it upside down on his head. And he was proud as punch," Carrodus said. A schooner holds about three-quarters of a pint. Video of Abbott making short work of the beer as the crowd around him chants "Skol! Skol!" drew plenty of attention on social media. Some commentators focused on Abbott's drinking technique. But others suggested he was setting a bad example. Abbott had attacked binge drinking as recently as last year. "Like most Australians, I enjoy a drink on social occasions," he said in January 2014. "However, as a father and as a citizen, I'm appalled by the violent binge drinking culture that now seems so prevalent, especially at "hot spots" in our big cities." Casting those concerns aside, some social media users belittled Abbott's beer swilling. They said his effort was a pale imitation of the legendary drinking exploits of former Prime Minister Bob Hawke, who is credited with drinking two and a half pints in 11 seconds.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Prime Minister Tony Abbott guzzles a glass of beer in seven seconds.
He was in a Sydney pub on Saturday evening.
The Prime Minister had previously criticized binge drinking in Australia.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 255, Total accepted tokens: 255, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The Question: How can I know if my food is safe to eat after a specific product recall? The Answer: Many of us shed a few tears over the recent Sabra hummus recall (even though we are perfectly capable of making our own at home), but that sadness quickly transformed into anxiety when we looked inside our refrigerators and saw the potentially tainted culprit sitting there on the shelf. To assuage any fears, we asked John Swartzberg, M.D., a clinical professor at the University of California at Berkeley, to walk us through the process of determining if our favorite dip was still safe to eat. Related: Amy's Kitchen Recalls More Than 70,000 Cases Of Food Due To Fear Of Listeria Contamination . The first step, according to Swartzberg, is to go to the Food and Drug Administration's website and find the official report for the recalled product you're worried about. Each report will list recalled items with their product codes, which are typically categorized by the Universal Product Code (the number adjacent to the barcode) or the Stock Keeping Unit (a specific number that would only be valid at the store where the product is being sold). They will also include the recalled products' use-by dates, and the geographical areas affected. "The recall is not based on the use-by dates, though," said Swartzberg. "If the product is within the use-by date, it should still be recalled. This makes sense, because the product was contaminated prior to purchase and no matter how 'fresh' the product is, it still may be contaminated." After cross-checking these details, you should have a strong sense of whether your food product is safe to eat or needs to be trashed right away. But as far as avoiding potential problems before learning such details about a food recall, the consumer is at an automatic disadvantage. Related: 14 Habits Of People With A Healthy Relationship To Food . "There's nothing the consumer can do prior to learning about the recall," said Dr. Swartzberg. "Discarding or returning the product to the store is all that can be done." In the case of this specific hummus recall, while there was no evidence that it caused any consumer illness, the product's routine sample last month revealed the presence of Listeria monocytogenes. Consuming such bacteria can lead to listeriosis, a serious infection, and Dr. Swartzberg recommends that anyone who has consumed a listeria-laden food should let their physician know as soon as possible. "Listeria survives well at cool temperatures," he said. "Most bacteria and fungi do not -- that's why we refrigerate. Healthy people are at low risk for disease, but it can happen. Those at greatest risk for disease are the elderly, immunocompromised and pregnant." To learn more about the best food safety practices, visit UC Berkeley's Wellness website. Related: 8 Things Nutrition Experts Wish You Would Stop Saying About Food .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Dr. John Swartzberg, a clinical professor at the University of California at Berkeley.
Swartzberg says to check the product's use-by date on the recall report.
He says the product was contaminated before purchase, so it's still safe to eat.
Swartzberg says anyone who has consumed a listeria-laden food should let their physician know.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.81
Total generated tokens: 256, Total accepted tokens: 256, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)All we want for Christmas is you, Mariah Carey! According to EW, New Line Cinema is planning a Mariah Carey Christmas movie. Producer Jonathan Shestack confirmed that he is working on the yet-untitled project with Carey's good friend director Brett Ratner co-producing. "It's a little bit about how music can take you back in time," Shestack told EW. "It will be everything you hope a Christmas movie with Mariah Carey would be." Here are five reasons this movie has to happen: . What is the Christmas season without a little Mariah? Duh! Her 1994 hit "All I Want For Christmas is You" is a classic, and admit it: You start listening to it well before the holiday season even begins. It's the jam! The '90s are so coming back . The Backstreet Boys have a documentary out, NBC is bringing the sitcom "Coach" back to television, JNCO jeans are being spotted, and there's talk of a new version of "Full House." Mariah was the queen of the 1990s, so it's only right that she get in on the revival. You can't forget about her . She already told you: "Don't Forget About Us." She's come a long way from "Glitter" Carey was ridiculed for the dismal 2001 film "Glitter," but she has more than since redeemed herself with small roles in the critically acclaimed Lee Daniels films "Precious" and "The Butler." The Diva still reigns . Lest we forget how much sparkle she can bring into our lives, check out this collection of Mariah Carey throwing shade. It really is everything.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: EW: Mariah Carey Christmas movie is in the works.
Producer Jonathan Shestack says he is working on the yet-untitled project.
The movie will be directed by Brett Ratner.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 257, Total accepted tokens: 257, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Parts of Miami-Dade County's skyline was hidden from view Monday as smoke from a growing 1,850-acre wildfire loomed over portions of the Florida county. What started as a nonthreatening and seemingly shrinking grass fire on Sunday, consuming fewer than 100 acres according to Miami-Dade Fire Rescue Battalion Chief Al Cruz, grew to be more than 10 times that within the next 24 hours. By Monday night, the fire had burned nearly 2,000 acres and was 50% contained, the fire department said. High temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread, State Forester Jim Karels said. Several fire units and a helicopter with the capacity to drop 400 gallons of water at a time were battling the blaze, Cruz said. "The Florida Forest Service and Miami-Dade Fire Rescue have worked around the clock to protect Southwest Miami-Dade County," Florida Agriculture Commissioner Adam H. Putnam said in a statement. Early Monday night, officials were considering road closures, and one school, Lincoln Marti, was evacuated as a precaution, according to the Fire Department.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Fire started as a nonthreatening grass fire on Sunday.
Fire has burned nearly 2,000 acres and is 50% contained.
High temperatures and gusty winds helped the fire spread, forester says.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 258, Total accepted tokens: 258, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It seems iPads hold their value pretty well, especially if they have papal connections . One that Pope Francis once owned just sold for $30,500, according to Castells, an auction house in Uruguay. The Apple tablet had all the personal touches. "His Holiness Francisco" and "Vatican Internet Service, March 2013" were engraved on the back in Spanish and Italian. It also came with a keyboard and a certificate signed by the Pope's personal secretary. The proceeds will go to a school in Montevideo, Uruguay. It's not the first time a papal hand-me-down has gone for big bucks. Last year, the Pope donated a Harley-Davidson that he was given to charity. The motorcycle sold for $284,000 at auction, more than 10 times its normal sales price. A Harley motorcycle jacket signed by Francis sold for nearly $68,000. CNN's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Apple tablet sold for $30,500.
Pope Francis once owned tablet.
Pope donated a Harley-Davidson that he was given to charity.
Thput (tok/s): 34.09 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 259, Total accepted tokens: 259, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Washington. New York. Philadelphia. Havana? The Vatican says Pope Francis may add another leg to his trip to the United States this September, visiting Cuba just months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two nations. The possibility, which would add a dimension of international intrigue to an already highly anticipated trip, was first reported Thursday by The Wall Street Journal. In response to reporters' questions, Vatican spokesman the Rev. Federico Lombardi said in a statement, "The Holy Father has taken into consideration the idea of making a stop in Cuba" on his way to or from the United States this September. "However, contacts with the Cuban authorities are still in too early a phase for it to be possible to regard this as a firm decision or an operative plan," Lombardi continued. Francis, the first pontiff to hail from Latin America, played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States, earning praise from both President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro. The Pope made personal pleas to Obama and Cuban leaders in private letters, writing that the two nations should try to reset their relations after decades of friction. The Vatican also hosted talks between U.S. and Cuban delegations in October, where they hashed out aspects of a new trade policy and discussed the release of jailed American contractor Alan Gross, who was freed as part of the detente between the two countries. "I want to thank His Holiness, Pope Francis, whose moral example shows us the importance of pursuing the world as it should be, rather than simply settling for the world as it is," Obama said in December as he announced the U.S. policy shift. Since his election in 2013, Pope Francis has displayed a deep interest in international affairs. He repeatedly urged Western leaders not to bomb Syria, hosted a prayer service between Israeli and Palestinian leaders at the Vatican and waded into diplomatic controversy on Sunday by referring to the killing of 1.5 million Armenians a century ago as a "genocide," a move that deeply upset Turkish leaders, who recalled their Vatican ambassador. The Pope is expected to continue his international activism this July with a trip to South America, where he will visit Ecuador, Bolivia and Paraguay. Just a few months later, in late September, Francis will visit Washington, where he will address Congress; New York, where he will address the U.N. General Assembly; and Philadelphia, where he will celebrate a public Mass that's expected to draw more than 1 million people. In an interview with CNN's Jake Tapper on Friday, Archbishop Charles Chaput, the Pope's host in Philadelphia, said he'd hadn't heard about the potential for a papal visit to Cuba until he turned on the morning news. Two previous Popes have visited the Caribbean nation: St. John Paul II in 1998 and former Pope Benedict XVI in 2012.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Pope Francis may visit Cuba just months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw.
Francis played a key role in the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between Cuba and the U.S.
The Pope is expected to continue his international activism this July.
Thput (tok/s): 34.08 +/- 0.80
Total generated tokens: 260, Total accepted tokens: 260, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: London (CNN)A Polish Prince has challenged populist British politician Nigel Farage to a duel  in London's Hyde Park over his immigration policy. Farage, the leader of  the UK Independence Party (UKIP), complains that Britain's membership of the European Union means it is powerless to stop a flow of foreign immigrants, many from impoverished Eastern Europe, into his "small island" nation. In a video posted on YouTube, Prince Jan Zylinski said he was fed up with discrimination against Poles living in Britain. "The most idiotic example I've heard of has been Mr. Nigel Farage blaming migrants for traffic jams on the M40," Zylinksi said. Holding a sword that had belonged to his father -- a  World War II war hero -- the prince laid down a verbal gauntlet. "Enough is enough, Mr. Farage. So what I'd like to do, Mr. Farage, is to challenge you to a duel," he said. "I would like us to meet in Hyde Park one morning with our swords and resolve this matter in the way that an 18th century Polish aristocrat and an English gentleman would traditionally do. "Are you up for it Mr. Farage?" Farage -- who is on the campaign trail ahead of Britain's general elections on May 7 -- said he did not intend to cross swords with the prince. "It is an impressive sword. I don't have one but I'm sure we could find one if we had to. But I'm not intending to accept the offer," a spokesman quoted him as saying. "I would have thought that a Polish prince with a long Polish lineage would rather agree with me that it's a complete tragedy for Poland that it's lost so many of its brightest and best young people." UKIP wants Britain to leave the European Union. It says it would not seek to remain a party to the region's free trade or economic treaties "while those treaties maintain a principle of free movement of labor, which prevents the UK managing its own borders." It has also pledged to cut the country's £9 billion ($12.4B) annual foreign aid budget. Another UKIP politician appeared to back his party leader's chances in a duel, tweeting an image of a medieval knight sliced in two, with the comment: "This is what Nigel would do to him." But there was no word on whether Farage would even accept the prince's less life-threatening back-up challenge. "Alternatively, if you don't agree or if your sword is a little bit rusty, Mr. Farage, we can meet for a different kind of duel -- a duel with words in a TV studio in the run-up to the elections," Zylinski suggested. "I'm up for it, it would be really nice, hopefully you will agree." Zylinski posted a separate video on YouTube entitled "7 reasons why the British should love the Poles," in which he pointed to a Times newspaper headline from March reading: "We need more migrants ... they are the best workers in Britain." The headline, he said, applied "principally" to the Poles. "What I cannot accept is the amount of hostility and in some cases hatred towards the Poles. Enough is enough, I say, this has got to stop." Zylinski pointed to Polish contributions to Britain including  those made by Polish RAF pilots during the Battle of Britain, what he said was a "wonderful work ethic" and easy integration into the community. "We are often more loyal to Britain than many British people I know," he said. "We are very grateful to be here. We would like you to be grateful too. Please stop knocking the Poles. We love this country we would like British to love us too."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Polish Prince Jan Zylinski challenges UKIP leader Nigel Farage to a duel.
Zylinski says he is fed up with discrimination against Poles in Britain.
UKIP says Britain should leave the European Union.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 261, Total accepted tokens: 261, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)At least 21 people were killed during a shipwreck off the northern coast of Haiti, the country's civil protection directorate told CNN on Thursday. A small boat carrying about 50 migrants left from the area of Le Borgne, west of Cap-Haitien, on Wednesday night. It began to sail toward the island of Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos when it was caught in bad weather, civil protection spokesman Joseph Edgar Celestin said. The vessel hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore near Le Borgne. Rescuers, most of them volunteers from the town of Le Borgne and surrounding communities, were dispatched to the scene  and rescued at least 12 people, Celestin said. The search for survivors is ongoing, Celestin added. So far, 11 victims -- eight men and three women -- have been identified, Celestin said. Haiti's government urged migrants not to board clandestine ships and condemned those organizing these illegal journeys.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: At least 12 people rescued from the shipwreck.
The vessel hit a reef and sank as it tried to return to shore near Le Borgne.
Rescuers, most of them volunteers from the town of Le Borgne, were dispatched.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 262, Total accepted tokens: 262, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)If there's one thing that hurts more than the saddle sores from cycling around China for 460 days, it's having the bike you did it on stolen just days before completing your epic trip. That's what happened to cyclist Wang Pingan as he neared the end of a two-wheel trek that covered thousands of miles through every major province in the vast country, according to local media. Arriving in the southern city of Shenzhen, in southern Guandong province, Wang locked up his trusty mountain bike, loaded with panniers, to check out electronics markets in the city's Huaqiangbei area. Within 10 minutes the thieves struck. But here's where the story takes an unexpected turn. Despite police initially saying odds were stacked against the bike ever being recovered, Shenzhen's finest managed to track it down and return it. The Southern Metro News reported that police apprehended an alleged criminal and sent Wang a photo of a bike they recovered. He recognized it instantly. They said the theft, from a road junction "infested" by cycle thieves was caught on surveillance cameras. The bike had likely been sold twice before being recovered. "We don't want this lad visiting Shenzhen and having a bad memory of the city," a police spokesman told the paper. Now, with 29,200 kilometers under his tires, Wang can continue the final few days of his epic journey. He'll be able to add his final destination, Hainan Island, to a route that has already taken in some of the country's most far-flung places. Among them are Mohe in Heilongjiang, China's northernmost and coldest place, Urumqi in the west and Xishuangbanna Dai Autonomous Prefecture in the southwest.. Wang, a recent university graduate, who embarked on his trip with a budget of little more than $100, had earlier turned down offers from across China to help him get a new bike, vowing to walk if he couldn't be reunited with his "old lover." "It has a special meaning to me," he said, according to SMN. Before the bike's recovery, Wang had posted a heart-rending tribute to his bike on social media, recalling their adventures together. "The bicycle itself doesn't have a high value, but spending more than a year with it, it's like a best friend who has accompanied me on my way, and taken me to every place without complaints," he writes. "Thank you, my buddy, maybe I'll never see you again ... I remember I cried during the difficult times at the beginning of the trip and you were by my side." CNN's Shen Lu, Maggie Hiufu Wong and Barry Neild contributed to this story .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Cyclist Wang Pingan's bike was stolen just days before he completed his 460-day trek.
Police say bike had been sold twice before being recovered.
Wang, a recent university graduate, had earlier turned down offers to get a new bike.
Thput (tok/s): 34.07 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 263, Total accepted tokens: 263, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It's the beer so good the Danes hate to see it leave, or so Carlsberg advertisements used to say. Now, Copenhagen residents can live in a new neighborhood set to emerge on the historic grounds of the famous beer-maker in the heart of Danish capital. The area in question -- aptly named Carlsberg City -- has been home to the famous Carlsberg brewery since 1847, and with it a big slice of Danish cultural history. But the brewery has moved on and the future is moving in. Amidst the district's historic treasure trove of protected architectural buildings will be some 600,000 square meters (6.4 million sq ft) of residential, business, sporting, cultural, and educational space. Prices range from just below Copenhagen's average $5,000 per square meter to about $12,000 -- well below other major European cities. Modeled after intimate medieval towns, Carlsberg City won "Best Master Plan" at the World Architecture Festival in 2009. The project has since attracted interest from all over the world. "Scandinavia has over the past years been attractive to foreign investors," said Claus Lonborg, CEO of Copenhagen Capacity, a non-profit with the aim of growing business in the Danish capital. He added that "given the number of infrastructure and construction developments taking place in the greater Copenhagen area now, we really see an increasing demand and interest." While the first apartments in Carlsberg City went up for sale in March, the area has been alive for years. Investors invited temporary renters into old buildings during the construction phase which began shortly after the 2008 financial crisis hit. The area has since been home to skateboarders, bikers, modern dancers, cafes, the national football team for homeless people and a climbing forest. And the head of Carlsberg City says this ploy has more than paid off. "The temporary activities have been keeping Carlsberg City on the landmap even in planning," said Jens Nyhus, CEO of CarlsbergByen (Carlsberg City). "When the financial crisis started (they) were a way to keep the building occupied and from running down. It kept the city alive and opened up." But just because new tenants have moved in doesn't mean it's brewing history will be gone completely. Carlsberg will remain very much inside Carlsberg City, making specialty beer and building a tourist center that is expected to attract half-a-million visitors per-year when it opens in 2017. "We call it Carlsberg brand and experience center," said Thomas Kjelfred, communications consultant at Visit Carlsberg. "(But) it's not a brand house, it's a brew house. Until six years ago, we brewed 200 million liters a beer (here)" "To a Dane, Carlsberg is more than a beer. It is art, it is science, it is culture." And soon, it will also be a city.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Carlsberg City is a new neighborhood in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The area has been home to the famous Carlsberg brewery since 1847.
The area has been alive for years.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 264, Total accepted tokens: 264, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Suspected Boko Haram militants this week attacked civilians inside Cameroon for the first time in a month, killing at least 16 villagers, a military spokesman told CNN Saturday. Six attackers were killed by Cameroonian forces, said Maj. Nlate Eballe, an operations officer with a special military unit set up to fight Boko Haram. The attackers came Thursday "in the hundreds ... torched Dia village in the Far North Region," he said. Dia is a village that borders Lake Chad and has been identified as a recruiting ground for Boko Haram. Regional Gov. Mijiyawa Bakary said the insurgents have been attacking border villages in Cameroon in search of supplies. Cameroonian troops retook cattle that was stolen by the attackers in Dia, Eballe said. The last attack in Cameroon by the Nigeria-based militants was March 10, when the assailants struck the locality of Kerawa-Mafa in a failed attempt to overrun a military base. Boko Haram, whose name translates as "Western education is sin," has been waging a years-long campaign of terror aimed at instituting its extreme version of Sharia law in Nigeria. Boko Haram's tactics have intensified in recent years, from battling Nigerian government soldiers to acts disproportionately affecting civilians -- such as raids on villages, mass kidnappings, assassinations, market bombings and attacks on churches and unaffiliated mosques. Much of this violence has taken place in Nigeria, but neighboring countries -- Cameroon included -- have also been hit increasingly hard. Journalist Ngala Killian Chimtom in Yaounde, Cameroon, contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Suspected Boko Haram militants attack civilians in Cameroon for first time in month.
Six attackers killed by Cameroonian forces, military spokesman says.
Attacks come in the hundreds, military says.
Boko Haram has been waging years-long campaign of terror in Nigeria.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 265, Total accepted tokens: 265, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Nairobi (CNN)An elite police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi, Kenya, to Garissa, where Al-Shabaab terrorists had taken over a university on April 2, according to one of the commandos who participated in the response operation. The commando asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals and because he was not authorized to speak. Al-Shabaab slaughtered 147 people at the school. Of the fatalities, 142 were students at the university, and the rest were security forces and campus security. At 7:00 a.m. local time, the response team was told to assemble for a mission to Garissa, the police commando told CNN.  At 8:00 a.m., he said, the team was told there were no police aircraft available to take them. A reserve team was then sent by road, while the main commando team waited in Nairobi for air transport, he said. Once told aircraft would be available, it took the commando team nearly two hours to travel the roughly 22 miles (35 kilometers) to the airport because of the heavy traffic, the commando source said. But Kenya's Police Air Wing Chief Col. Rogers Mbithi denied that his unit caused any delay in the response to the university attack. Mbithi told CNN two fixed wing aircraft were ready and waiting for the commandos 45 minutes before the police commandos were ready to depart around 12:30 p.m. local time. Government names Kenya attack mastermind . Mbithi conceded that one of the two aircraft ultimately used to transport the commandos to Garissa left Nairobi at 7:30 a.m. to fly to Mombasa on a scheduled flight, hours after the Garissa terror attack began. That plane picked up the chief's daughter-in-law and two children, and returned to Nairobi at its scheduled time of 11:39 a.m., Mbithi said. The first aircraft carrying police commandos eventually departed for Garissa at 12:30 p.m., followed by a second aircraft about 10 minutes later, Mbithi said. Inside college dorm's scene of slaughter . After arriving in Garissa by plane, the commando team rehearsed the assault on the university compound for about two-and-a-half hours, the commando source told CNN. The police assault to retake the university compound began around 5 p.m. and lasted about 15 minutes. One commando was killed in the assault.  All four Al-Shabaab attackers were killed. Another law enforcement source told CNN that by 7:00 a.m. the Al-Shabaab terrorists had already killed most of the students, saying: "It was never a hostage situation." The problems plaguing Kenya's security efforts . Other Kenyan officials have previously defended the response to the university attack. Manoah Esipisu, a spokesman for Kenya's President and deputy president, told CNN last week that in emergency situations there is always criticism regarding whether governments reacted as fast as they could have or should have. "With the benefit of hindsight, you can always say things could have been done better," he said. Kenyan authorities saved a lot of students and "got the job done," he said. Foreign Minister Amina Mohamed told CNN the response was sufficient and denied reports that it was the elite rapid response team alone that brought an end to the situation. "We have a military garrison in Garissa, and the work began immediately after the attack was reported and continued for a number of hours until we were able to rescue 663 students of the 800 students that had been taken hostage by these terrorists. So the response was adequate," she said. Lillian Leposo reported in Nairobi. Lonzo Cook reported in Atlanta. CNN's Jethro Mullen also contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police commando unit waited hours for transport from Nairobi to Garissa.
Al-Shabaab terrorists had taken over a university in Garissa on April 2.
Kenya's Police Air Wing Chief Col. Rogers Mbithi denied that his unit caused any delay.
Kenyan authorities saved a lot of students and "got the job done," spokesman says.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 266, Total accepted tokens: 266, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)South America's Atacama Desert, one of the driest places on Earth, resembles some of the faraway planets monitored by giant telescopes there. The lack of humidity provides optimal conditions to watch the sky and study the origins of the universe. "It is pure visual silence," said photographer Andres Figueroa. "It is amazing. There is absolutely no humidity, and (these conditions) create some striking contrasts." There, in that clear, inhospitably arid environment, Figueroa turned his camera lens toward another discussion on cosmology, one rooted in the ancient folklore of the Andean people. Taking along his mobile lighting studio, Figueroa photographed a series of religious festivals that take place every July in the Atacama. In his "Dancers of the Deserts" series, Figueroa chronicles these festivals, which attract about 200,000 people to some otherwise quiet mining towns in Chile. "I have always wanted to see the desert. Even though I am not very religious, I've always been curious about their traditions," said Figueroa, who is from the Chilean capital of Santiago. Figueroa worked hard on cataloging and differentiating the ceremonies and their complex rituals -- at times playing the role of an artist, others as an anthropologist -- but he always remained faithful to his love for classic portraiture. "From an anthropological standpoint, I was interested in documenting all the signs and symbols that appear in each costume and character, all the indigenous and Catholic syncretism," he said. "My lighting studio allowed me to pick up on these details. "From a portraiture standpoint, I used a formal approach to explain this living culture that is constantly growing and reinventing itself. I asked each character to stop to be photographed, taking them away momentarily from the festival in a more intimate scenario." Photographing adobe walls, desert landscapes and the ubiquitous camping sites where pilgrims come to gather, Figueroa said each character is perched in his or her own context. Social media . Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography. Bears and devils pose in the desert in striking contrast. These photos highlight the uniqueness of Andean culture, which draws influences from Europe, the Inca and more recently, Chinese traditions. There are endless nuances, not always perceived by the naked eye. "It is a very special festival. When you see the bears, you see them participating in the different roles, blending in with the (the devils)," Figueroa said. "And sometimes, you see them as a central figure in a festival of their own. It is amazing, a tradition brought by the Chinese near Peru." Figueroa, who befriended many of the musicians and dancers, said it was important to take part in the festival in order to understand its meaning to the community. "I had to understand the hierarchy and protocols of each group," he said. "As a photographer, it is important to create the conditions for things to happen. You can have it all planned and set up in order for things to naturally take place." Figueroa said the desert festivals have a deeper role in a region that struggles with social problems such as drug trafficking and poverty. It is the glue that binds families, and young people heavily invest their time and money to make their costumes and parade with pride. The festivals "are a form of social protection," Figueroa said. "I felt the presence of love ...  their love and effort in communicating with their divinity and holding together as communities." Andres Figueroa is a Chilean photographer. You can follow him on Facebook.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Chilean photographer Andres Figueroa chronicles religious festivals in Atacama.
Festivals attract about 200,000 people to mining towns in Chile.
Festivals are a form of social protection, photographer says.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 267, Total accepted tokens: 267, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Three Orthodox rabbis accused of planning and participating in the torture of Jewish men who refused to divorce their wives were convicted Tuesday of conspiring to commit kidnapping. Rabbis Mendel Epstein, 69; Jay Goldstein, 60; and Binyamin Stimler, 39, were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping in New Jersey federal court. Goldstein and Stimler were also convicted on charges of attempted kidnapping. The rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars to orchestrate the kidnappings of Jewish husbands to persuade them through torture involving electric cattle prods and screwdrivers to grant "gets," a document that Jewish law requires a husband to present to his wife in order to be issued a divorce, court papers said. The men were arrested in October 2013 following an FBI sting operation that ended with Goldstein, Stimler and six other men with ski masks, surgical blades and a 30-foot nylon rope in a warehouse in Middlesex County, New Jersey. Lawyers for each of the rabbis told CNN they plan on appealing the convictions. "Rabbi Epstein still firmly believes that he was protecting women's rights and was protecting the agunahs and the families," said Robert Stahl, the lawyer for Epstein. Without a "get," a woman is considered an "agunah," a chained woman bound to a man no matter how over the marriage might actually be. An Orthodox Jewish woman who does not receive a get runs the risk of being shunned in her community and labeled an adulteress if she moves on. Any future children she has are considered bastards permitted to marry only other bastards. "I don't think this was a traditional kidnapping," said Aidan O'Connor, the lawyer for Goldstein. Goldstein is a sofer, a Jewish scribe who transcribes the Torah and writes other religious documents, including divorce papers, his attorney said. Nathan Lewin, the attorney for Stimler, called the verdict "shocking" and said his client was only present at the warehouse as a witness for the ceremonial signing of the document. "There's no evidence that Rabbi Stimler knew what was going to be going on," Lewin said. "Of course we're going to take all the steps to correct this injustice." Epstein's son, David Epstein, was acquitted on Tuesday of kidnapping charges. The jury returned not guilty verdicts on the attempted kidnapping charges against Mendel Epstein, and on more severe kidnapping charges against the three rabbis. Nine other individuals previously pled guilty in the case to conspiracy charges, according to a press release from the U.S. Attorney's office in New Jersey. Henry Mazurek, the lawyer for David Epstein, said his client was grateful for the jury's decision but called his client's acquittals "bittersweet" next to his father's conviction. "He really believes that (his father) was a champion of someone who was voiceless in his religion," Mazurek said. Sentencing is set for July 15. The men face up to life in prison.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars.
Rabbis were found guilty on one count of conspiracy to commit kidnapping.
Rabbis were part of a ring accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 268, Total accepted tokens: 268, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The announcement this year of a new, original Dr. Seuss book sent a wave of nostalgic giddiness across Twitter, and months before publication, the number of pre-orders for "What Pet Should I Get?" continues to climb. To keep up with demand, the book's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies, Barbara Marcus, president and publisher of Random House Children's Books, said in a news release Monday. "We were absolutely overjoyed to see the response to 'What Pet Should I Get?' from every corner of the book world -- the bookselling community, media, educators, and readers nationwide," Marcus said. The publisher also released to CNN a never-before-seen image from the new volume by Dr. Seuss, aka Theodor Geisel. It features a brother and sister familiar to Seuss fans as they ogle a prim feline in a pet shop window and ponder: . "We want a pet. We want a pet. What kind of pet . should we get?" When "What Pet Should I Get?" debuts July 28, it will be the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since "Oh, the Places You'll Go!" in 1990. It features the spirited siblings from the beloved classic "One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish" and is believed to have been written between 1958 and 1962. "Ted loved and had pets himself, as a young boy on up through adulthood, and that makes the wonderful excitement and buzz for this new book all the more special," said Susan Brandt, president, licensing and marketing of Dr. Seuss Enterprises. Geisel's widow, Audrey Geisel, found the manuscript and illustrations in their California home soon after her husband died in 1991. The materials were set aside and then rediscovered in 2013. Random House Children's Books said in February that it expects to release additional books from the found materials. It only seems to prove the brother and sister's lesson from "One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish." "From there to here, . from here to there, . funny things . are everywhere."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "What Pet Should I Get?" is the first new, original Dr. Seuss book since "Oh, the Places You'll Go!"
The book's first printing was increased from 500,000 to 1 million copies.
The book's publisher released to CNN a never-before-seen image from the new volume.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 269, Total accepted tokens: 269, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Seven people -- including Illinois State University associate men's basketball coach Torrey Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch -- died when their small plane crashed while heading back from the NCAA tournament final. The aircraft went down overnight Monday about 2 miles east of the Central Illinois Regional Airport in Bloomington, McLean County Sheriff's Office Sgt. Bill Tate said. That's about 5 miles from the campus of Illinois State, where Ward and Leetch both worked. It was not immediately known who else was on the aircraft, which the National Transportation Safety Board tweeted was a Cessna 414. The plane was coming back from the NCAA Final Four championship game in Indianapolis, according to Illinois State athletics spokesman John Twork. "The ISU community is reeling from the loss," Twork said. The last post from a Twitter account that purportedly belongs to Ward features pictures from Lucas Oil Stadium, where Duke beat Wisconsin in the title game. There's also a picture of a small plane with the words, "My ride to the game wasn't bad #indy2015f4." In a statement, Illinois State University President Larry Dietz remembered Ward and Leetch as "well-respected and much-loved colleagues in our athletics department" in the crash near Bloomington. "Words cannot fully express the grief that is felt in the wake of such a tragedy," Dietz said. "We move between shock and profound sadness." A standout player at the University of Alabama at Birmingham in his hometown between 1996 and 2000, Ward played professionally in China alongside Yao Ming before getting into coaching. He was part of the staffs at Jacksonsville State University, the University of Mississippi and, for one year, in China before coming to Illinois State as an assistant prior to the 2012 season. He was promoted to associate head coach in May 2014, according to his official bio. Coming from Arkansas State University, Leetch joined ISU in 2005 as an athletic director for development before assuming a number of other roles through 2011, his bio notes. Leetch left the Illinois school to serve as director of athletics at Whitworth University in Spokane, Washington, then came back in June 2013 as ISU's deputy director of athletics. He was in charge of the Redbirds' athletics communications and video production units, and had a hands-on role in its football, men's basketball, golf and baseball programs. Athletic Director Larry Lyons described Leetch as "a shining star in the business," while lauding Ward as "a talented coach and recruiter" with a big personality who was loved by fans. "There is no play in the playbook for times like these," Lyons said. "We will miss Aaron and Torrey deeply, and we will support their families in any way that we can." People we've lost in 2015 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Seven people -- including Illinois State University coach Torrey Ward -- die.
Plane went down overnight Monday about 2 miles east of the Central Illinois Regional Airport.
Ward and deputy athletic director Aaron Leetch both worked at Illinois State University.
Ward was part of the staffs at Jacksonsville State University, the University of Mississippi.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 270, Total accepted tokens: 270, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Hi-ho, Kermit the Frog has some competition. A newly discovered species of glassfrog looks an awful lot like the famous Muppet. Bulging white eyes, Kelly green skin, the works. But the name's not nearly so catchy as its famous counterpart:  Hyalinobatrachium dianae, or Diane's bare-hearted glassfrog.  If you have to, you can call it H. dianae for short. Scientists found the species on the Caribbean slopes of Costa Rica. This is big news in the scientific community.  The last time a new glassfrog was found in Costa Rica was back in 1973, according to the Costa Rican Amphibian Research Center. "Costa Rica is known to have 14 glassfrogs inhabiting its tiny national territory!" the center's Facebook page said. It's called a glassfrog because of its translucent belly.  You can see its internal organs from underneath. Miss Piggy wasn't immediately available for comment.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: A new species of glassfrog has been found in Costa Rica.
The new species is called Hyalinobatrachium dianae.
The new species is called H. dianae for short.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 271, Total accepted tokens: 271, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Too little, too late. That's the mayor's response to an artist's apology and offer to cover the cost of fixing the "Scary Lucy" statue that has put the New York town of Celoron in the spotlight this week. The bronze figure of comedian and area native Lucille Ball has elicited comparisons to a "Walking Dead" zombie and inspired the Facebook campaign "We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue." The sculpture, a gift to the town from its original owners, has been on display since 2009. Artist Dave Poulin has "had plenty of opportunity to step forward, and our last conversation he wanted $8,000 to $10,000," Celoron Mayor Scott Schrecengost said. "And then he stated that if we didn't have the funds and we didn't like the statue, we should take it down and put it in storage." After the story of the statue caught fire online this weekend, Poulin publicly apologized Monday for his "most unsettling sculpture" in a letter to The Hollywood Reporter. "I take full responsibility for 'Scary Lucy,' though by no means was that my intent or did I wish to disparage in any way the memories of the iconic Lucy image," Poulin wrote in the letter (PDF). "From the day of its installation, I have shared my disappointment in the final outcome and have always believed it to be by far my most unsettling sculpture, not befitting of Lucy's beauty or my ability as a sculptor." Poulin said he has been talking to Celoron officials for several years about removing and redoing the sculpture. It seems that cost has been the chief barrier. "It puzzles me when an art work is donated to a community, they accept it, and then get angry and insist you redo the art work at your own expense." Poulin wrote in the letter. But the recent media attention to the sculpture seems to have changed his mind. "I am willing to put my time and money into redoing the Lucy sculpture and feel confident after ten years I can do a much better job," Poulin wrote. No thanks, Schrecengost said. He said the town is looking for a new sculptor to fix the statue. "It would be reworked from the shoulders up -- the entire head, neck and shoulders, not just the face," Schrecengost said in a news release Tuesday. The town has set up a post office box for donations, which can also be made through Kickstarter. But the controversy may not be over. It seems that nearby Jamestown, New York, also has ties to Lucille Ball's early years and might be interested in its own tribute to the comedic legend. Schrecengost's Tuesday statement referred to an anonymous Facebook campaign that he claims is aimed at raising Jamestown's Lucille Ball profile at the expense of the Celoron statue. "The best place for a life size statue of Lucy is right where it is now -- in Lucille Ball Memorial Park in her hometown, in the Village of Celoron, NY," he said. CNN's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this story.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mayor: "I take full responsibility for 'Scary Lucy,' though by no means was that my intent"
Mayor: Town is looking for a new sculptor to fix the statue.
Mayor: Statue has been on display since 2009.
Mayor: Statue has been compared to a "Walking Dead" zombie.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 272, Total accepted tokens: 272, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Hong Kong (CNN)Phil Rudd, the drummer for legendary hard rock band AC/DC, has pleaded guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs in a New Zealand court. Rudd, who previously denied all allegations, made a surprise guilty plea Tuesday before the trial began. The 60-year-old Australian was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis while executing a search warrant at his home in New Zealand. According to a court summary, Rudd fired several employees because the release of his solo album in August had flopped in the charts. A month later, he called an associate and said he wanted his personal assistant "taken out." He later then called the victim -- his personal assistant -- on the phone and said, "I'm going to come over and kill you." Rudd made several calls to his personal assistant over the following days, but he terminated the calls after realizing it was Rudd on the phone. "As a result of the threats made by the defendant, the victim was genuinely very fearful of his safety," read the summary. The drummer's lawyer, Craig Tuck, told reporters outside the court that the charges were "essentially just an angry phone call." "I will be seeking to have him discharged without conviction," Tuck added in an email to CNN. Rudd could face up to seven years in prison for the charge of threatening to kill. He is currently released on bail until the sentencing hearing on June 26. In November, the court dropped the police charge of "attempting to procure murder" after prosecutors decided there wasn't enough evidence.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Phil Rudd, drummer for AC/DC, pleaded guilty to charges of threatening to kill and possession of drugs.
Rudd, who previously denied all allegations, made a surprise guilty plea Tuesday.
Rudd was arrested in November last year after police found methamphetamine and cannabis.
Rudd fired several employees because the release of his solo album in August had flopped in the charts.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 273, Total accepted tokens: 273, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The Force is strong in Turkey -- or at least it appears to be at one university where thousands of students are petitioning for a Jedi temple to be built on campus. The petition, which was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in the western province of Izmir, so far has almost 5,500 signatures. "There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth," the petition says. It adds that "uneducated Padawan" -- the novice Jedis in George Lucas' "Star Wars" film franchise -- "are moving to the dark side. ... To find the balance in the Force, we want a Jedi temple." The page on Change.org also features a still of Jedi Grand Master Yoda from "Star Wars: Episode II -- Attack of the Clones" teaching young Jedis how to use a light saber. "I'm signing because the nearest temple (is) billions of light years away," one supporter wrote on the petition page. Another supporter wrote: "We want freedom of worship. There are mosques everywhere, but no Jedi temple!" The petition was started by Akin Cagatay Caliskan, an 18-year-old computer science student from Ankara. Caliskan says he is surprised by the impact his petition has made: "I did not expect so many supporters. I thought maybe it might (have) 100." The satirical document does have a serious side. An online debate started last month when Mehmet Karaca, the rector of Istanbul Technical University, said he would build a mosque on campus if there was enough support. Karaca was referencing another petition asking a mosque be built on campus, which almost 200,000 students signed. Twenty thousand students at ITU also signed a separate petition in response, demanding a Buddhist temple on campus. "I cannot fulfill my religious needs" and cannot afford "to go to the nearest Buddhist temple 2,000 miles away," Utku Gurcag Boratac from Istanbul wrote as her reason for signing. "I want to fulfill my religious needs on campus," said another. This is just the latest flurry in a longstanding discussion around civil and religious freedoms in the secular republic. Turkey's secularist opposition has accused Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party, the Islamist-based Justice and Development Party, of trying to instill conservative Islamic values into everyday life. Late last year, the head of Turkey's Islamic religious affairs authority, the Diyanet, announced plans to build 80 mosques on university campuses across the country. The Diyanet sparked discussion a few months earlier by opening a mosque on the campus of Erzurum Ataturk University in the eastern province of Erzurum, according to Turkish daily newspaper Hurriyet.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Petition: "There are less and less Jedi left on the Earth"
Petition was started by a student at Dokuz Eylul University in Izmir.
Petitioners want a Jedi temple on campus.
Petitioners also want a Buddhist temple on campus.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 274, Total accepted tokens: 274, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Canadian fighter jets have carried out their first airstrike against ISIS in Syria, hitting one of the Sunni militant group's garrisons. The CF-18 Hornets bombed near ISIS' de facto capital of Raqqa, Canada's Department of National Defence said Wednesday. It described the strike as successful. Canadian forces are part of the U.S.-led coalition trying to stem the extremist group's bloody advances in Iraq and Syria. Canadian warplanes have conducted dozens of strikes against ISIS targets in Iraq since November. Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced plans last month to expand the airstrikes into Syria. "This first airstrike under the expanded mandate demonstrates our government's firm resolve to tackle the threat of terrorism against Canada and to promote international security and stability,"  Defense Minister Jason Kenney said in a statement. "ISIL is a genocidal terrorist organization and we will deny them safe haven in the region," he said, using an alternative acronym for the militant group, which refers to itself as the Islamic State. The Canadian aircraft and their crews safely returned to base, the military said. It wasn't immediately clear how many casualties the airstrike had caused. U.S. warplanes have been bombing ISIS positions in Iraq since August and in Syria since September. Other Western and Middle East nations are taking part in the campaign, either through direct military actions or by providing support. ISIS, whose influence has spread far beyond the borders of Iraq and Syria, has imposed its harsh interpretation on Islam on the areas it has seized, killing thousands of people and persecuting minorities. CNN's Tina Burnside contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Canadian fighter jets carry out first airstrike against ISIS in Syria.
Strike hits one of the Sunni militant group's garrisons.
Canadian forces are part of the U.S.-led coalition trying to stem the group's advances.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 275, Total accepted tokens: 275, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sanaa, Yemen (CNN)Al Qaeda fighters attacked a prison in the coastal Yemeni city of Al Mukallah early Thursday, freeing at least 270 prisoners, a third of whom have al Qaeda links, a senior Defense Ministry official has told CNN. Khaled Batarfi, a senior al Qaeda figure, was among the escapees, officials said. Dozens of attackers took control of government buildings, including the city's Central Prison, Central Bank and radio station during the assault early Thursday, according to officials. Government troops arrived early Thursday and clashed with the al Qaeda fighters, and most of the militants fled, the officials said. Last month, hundreds of inmates escaped from Al Mansoorah Central Prison in Aden after clashes between Shiite Houthi rebels and forces loyal to ousted Sunni President  Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi. Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Shiite Houthi rebels removed Hadi, a Sunni, from power. The sectarian nature of the conflict is drawing in regional rivals Saudi Arabia, which is predominately Sunni -- and is the country to which Hadi ultimately fled -- and Iran, which is predominately Shiite and supports the Houthi rebels. Because of that, the conflict in Yemen risks becoming a proxy war in the struggle between the Iranians and the Saudis for preeminence in the Middle East. The Saudis have conducted airstrikes against the Houthi rebels and could send in ground troops. But little is simple in the Middle East. And while the conflict between the Houthis and forces loyal to Hadi rages in the western part of the country, where it has caused hundreds of civilian deaths, al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, or AQAP, controls parts of eastern Yemen. AQAP is considered one of the most ruthless branches of the terrorist organization.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Al Qaeda fighters attack prison in Al Mukallah, freeing at least 270 prisoners.
Khaled Batarfi, a senior al Qaeda figure, was among the escapees.
Government troops clash with the al Qaeda fighters, and most of the militants flee.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 276, Total accepted tokens: 276, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A sexual harassment complaint has been filed against New Zealand Prime Minister John Key after a waitress complained about him repeatedly pulling her ponytail at an Auckland cafe. CNN affiliate TVNZ reported that the complaint was filed Thursday morning by Graham McCready, an accountant described in the New Zealand press as a "serial litigant," who has previously launched private prosecutions against Key. McCready's complaint claimed that Key had breached a section of the country's Human Rights Act relating to sexual harassment, TVNZ reported. It reported that he was seeking considerable compensation for the waitress, 26-year-old Amanda Bailey, and "if she does not want it I ask for the money be given to Women's Refuge." Key publicly apologized to Bailey, a waitress at his local cafe, for repeatedly tugging on her ponytail, after she complained about his behavior in a blog post. The post, published on New Zealand political website The Daily Blog, says that the odd behavior began during last year's election season. It was "hardly an acceptable form of greeting," Bailey wrote. She wrote that while she didn't directly make her objections clear verbally, her body language "screamed 'I don't like that.'" "As he approached me, he thought it would be fitting to raise his hands high and make scary, suspense sound effects, like the music from the movie 'Jaws'," read the post. "As he towered overhead I slunk down, cringing, whilst (Key's wife) Bronagh told him to 'Leave the poor girl alone.'" The behavior carried on for a number of months and on several occasions, the post states. Eventually the cafe's manager made it clear to Key that his actions were unwelcome. Key, who regularly visits the Auckland cafe with his wife, told reporters that his behavior was in the context of "a bit of banter," but said that he had apologized when it was clear she had taken offense. The blog post says that the prime minister offered the offended waitress two bottles of his own JK 2012 Pinot Noir wine by way of apology. "We have lots of fun and games there, there's always lots of practical jokes and things. It's a very warm and friendly relationship," he told reporters in Los Angeles en route to ANZAC day commemorations in Gallipoli, Turkey. "But if you look at it now, no. When I realized she took offense by that I just sort of immediately went back, gave her some wine, apologized and said I was terribly sorry." Politicians and public figures also rounded on Key, with Green MP Metiria Turei saying that the prime minister should be held to the same standards of behavior as the rest of the electorate. "A lot of New Zealanders know what it's like to feel as if you're not taken seriously in a job. As politicians, our job is to make people feel safe at work, not bullied," New Zealand media reported her as saying. "It's a sign of how out of touch John Key has become when he can't even monitor how inappropriate his personal behavior is, and when people are not comfortable with how he is behaving." Jackie Blue, head of the Equal Employment Opportunities Commission, echoed the sentiment. "It's never OK to touch someone without their permission," TVNZ reported her as saying. "There are no exceptions." Political analyst Bryce Edwards told the network that the "strangeness factor" of the accusation would haunt Key. "A lot of people will be laughing at John Key, that's harder to recover from," he said in a segment. The National Council of Women of New Zealand, while accepting that Key was joking and did not mean to offend, criticized the premier. "The fact that our Prime Minister has joined the list of people outed for sexism highlights how much sexism is a part of our culture. And it starts at the top," the organization's chief executive Sue McCabe wrote in an open letter. "Up and down this country, day after day, people are touched without giving their consent. At one end of the scale, it is an unwelcome pull on a ponytail. At the other end, it's our shocking levels of violence against women."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Prime Minister John Key has apologized to waitress after complaint.
Complaint filed by Graham McCready, an accountant.
McCready's complaint claimed Key had breached Human Rights Act.
McCready sought compensation for waitress, 26-year-old Amanda Bailey.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 277, Total accepted tokens: 277, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)James Best, best known for his portrayal of bumbling sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane on TV's "The Dukes of Hazzard," died Monday after a brief illness. He was 88. Best died in hospice in Hickory, North Carolina, of complications from pneumonia, said Steve Latshaw, a longtime friend and Hollywood colleague. Although he'd been a busy actor for decades in theater and in Hollywood, Best didn't become famous until 1979, when "The Dukes of Hazzard's" cornpone charms began beaming into millions of American homes almost every Friday night. For seven seasons, Best's Rosco P. Coltrane chased the moonshine-running Duke boys back and forth across the back roads of fictitious Hazzard County, Georgia, although his "hot pursuit" usually ended with him crashing his patrol car. Although Rosco was slow-witted and corrupt, Best gave him a childlike enthusiasm that got laughs and made him endearing. His character became known for his distinctive "kew-kew-kew" chuckle and for goofy catchphrases such as "cuff 'em and stuff 'em!" upon making an arrest. Among the most popular shows on TV in the early '80s, "The Dukes of Hazzard" ran until 1985 and spawned TV movies, an animated series and video games. Several of Best's "Hazzard" co-stars paid tribute to the late actor on social media. "I laughed and learned more from Jimmie in one hour than from anyone else in a whole year," co-star John Schneider, who played Bo Duke, said on Twitter. "Give Uncle Jesse my love when you see him dear friend." "Jimmy Best was the most constantly creative person I have ever known," said Ben Jones, who played mechanic Cooter on the show, in a Facebook post. "Every minute of his long life was spent acting, writing, producing, painting, teaching, fishing, or involved in another of his life's many passions." Born Jewel Guy on July 26, 1926, in Powderly, Kentucky, Best was orphaned at 3 and adopted by Armen and Essa Best, who renamed him James and raised him in rural Indiana. Best served in the Army during World War II before launching his acting career. In the 1950s and 1960s, he accumulated scores of credits, playing a range of colorful supporting characters in such TV shows as "The Twilight Zone," "Bonanza," "The Andy Griffith Show" and "Gunsmoke." He later appeared in a handful of Burt Reynolds' movies, including "Hooper" and "The End." But Best will always be best known for his "Hazzard" role, which lives on in reruns. "Jimmie was my teacher, mentor, close friend and collaborator for 26 years," Latshaw said. "I directed two of his feature films, including the recent 'Return of the Killer Shrews,' a sequel he co-wrote and was quite proud of as he had made the first one more than 50 years earlier." People we've lost in 2015 . CNN's Stella Chan contributed to this story.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: James Best died in hospice in Hickory, North Carolina, of complications from pneumonia.
Best was 88 and had been a busy actor for decades in theater and in Hollywood.
Best's "Hazzard" co-stars pay tribute to the late actor on social media.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 278, Total accepted tokens: 278, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)UNICEF said Friday that an initial shipment of 16 tons of medical supplies, meant to help 80,000 innocents caught up in the havoc of Yemen, had at last landed in Yemen's capital, Sanaa. The conflict is exacting a heavy toll on children and families, UNICEF said in a statement. "The humanitarian situation is worsening all the time, with increasingly limited access to water, basic sanitation and critical health services," the statement quoted UNICEF Yemen representative Julien Harneis, speaking from Amman, Jordan, as saying. "The supplies we have managed to bring in today can make the difference between life and death for children and their families -- but we know they are not enough, and we are planning more of these airlifts." Aid agencies have been saying that supplies were desperately needed, but getting them into the country in the midst of regional turmoil was difficult. UNICEF said its cargo included antibiotics, bandages, syringes, IV sets and other medical supplies. Included as well, the agency said, were micronutrients for up to 20,000 children and water storage materials airlifted through Djibouti from UNICEF's supply center in Denmark. Also Friday, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said that about 900 refugees from Yemen have arrived in the Horn of Africa. Many more are reportedly trying to make the trip but are hampered by fuel shortages and high fees by boat operators. "UNHCR is extremely concerned about the dangers for anyone trying to flee across the Red Sea and Gulf of Aden, where there are no search and rescue operations," the agency said in a statement. "Last year, 246 lives were reported lost in sea crossings to Yemen. UNHCR appeals to all ships in the area to be extra vigilant and assist any boats in distress. We also ask that countries with vessels in waters near Yemen -- including surveillance and anti-piracy vessels -- instruct their ships to help with rescues." It said that, as demand increases, the boats attempting the dangerous crossing are likely to become more crowded -- a crossing that has historically been made in the other direction, by people fleeing Africa in favor of Yemen . Many Yemenis are attempting the trip in rickety fishing boats. One family told CNN the crossing was "a window into hell." And underscoring the increasing toll being exacted by the conflict in Yemen, the World Health Organization said Friday that at least 643 people have been killed in the country since the fighting escalated three weeks ago. But it acknowledged that the number was almost certainly an underestimate. "As of 6 April 2015 there have been a total of 643 deaths and 2,226 injuries," the WHO, the health arm of the United Nations, said in a statement. "Casualty estimates are likely to change in the coming days as additional cases are verified and reported." The figures cover the period from March 19 to April 6. They include, however, only deaths and injuries verified by a health facility. Other deaths and injuries have undoubtedly occurred. Security in the country, which is on the Arabian Peninsula, deteriorated sharply last month when Houthi rebels advanced on Sanaa and the port city of Aden, forcing President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi to flee the country. Since then, Saudi Arabia has launched airstrikes meant to halt the advance of the Houthis. In at least one case, according to Houthi sources, one of those strikes hit a school.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: U.N. says 900 refugees have arrived in the Horn of Africa.
NEW: WHO says at least 643 people have been killed in Yemen since fighting escalated.
NEW: Aid agencies say supplies desperately needed, but getting them into country difficult.
NEW: U.N. says humanitarian situation is worsening all the time.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 279, Total accepted tokens: 279, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)About a quarter of a million Australian homes and businesses have no power after a "once in a decade" storm battered Sydney and nearby areas. About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters as "the roads are cut off and we won't be able to reach them for a few days," Michael Langley, spokesman for the New South Wales State Emergency Service said. Devastating winds lashed cars and homes. The storm system also brought destructive flooding that washed away houses and brought down trees onto streets and buildings. The emergency services have been slammed with 13,000 calls for help due to flooding and have carried out 144 rescue tasks. The powerful storm has already claimed four lives, according to New South Wales Police. The dangerous conditions have prompted the police department to issue pleas on social media for people to not attempt driving through flooded areas. The heavy flooding prompted school and college closures and disruptions to public transportation. The adverse weather was caused by an intense low pressure system, said Australia's Bureau of Meteorology. The strongest wind gusts peaked at 135 km/h (85 mph) and it was estimated that about 200 millimeters (7.87 inches) of rainfall fell in the area on Tuesday. Transport NSW, which provides public transportation throughout the New South Wales area, issued a warning that many public services across the region have been disrupted because of the weather. It also posted a video on its Facebook page showing CCTV footage of a flood waters rising in a train station. Samantha Mancuso was driving in her neighborhood of Liverpool, a suburb in Sydney on Wednesday, when she noticed gallons of water pouring into the streets. She said Joe Broad Reserve, a nearby park, was flooded. The severe weather caused a local creek to break its banks and now the flooding is seeping into the neighborhood. Water levels at the park reached 2.6 meters (8.5 feet) earlier in the morning, but have slightly receded, she said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Storm system brings destructive flooding that washes away houses.
About 4,500 people have been isolated by flood waters.
Police issue pleas on social media for people not to attempt driving through flooded areas.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 280, Total accepted tokens: 280, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)"Success Kid" is likely the Internet's most famous baby. You've seen him in dozens of memes, fist clenched in a determined look of persevering despite the odds. Success Kid -- now an 8-year-old named Sammy Griner -- needs a little bit of that mojo to rub off on his family.  His dad, Justin, needs a kidney transplant. About a week ago, Laney Griner, Justin's wife and Sammy's mother, created a GoFundMe campaign with a goal of $75,000 to help cover the medical expenses that go along with a kidney transplant. The campaign is already a success. By Wednesday it had topped its goal. Griner told The Daily Dot that her husband was diagnosed with kidney disease in 2006 and suffered complete kidney failure three years later. "One can only survive with no natural kidney function ... for so long," Laney Griner said. "His energy and mood are affected; he can no longer work, and he spends 12 hours a week in dialysis clinic. "Having been on dialysis for this long greatly increases his risks of developing further complications. The only way to save his life is to get a transplant. There's no other way around that," she said. The family doesn't know when a kidney might become available.  Their GoFundMe page has a link for potential donors. Sammy's Internet fame began in 2007 when his mom posted a picture of him on a beach with a fist full of sand and a satisfied look on his face.  Myspace picked it up, so did Reddit. The rest is Internet history.  Success just seems to run in some families.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Justin and Laney Griner are raising money for kidney transplant for their 8-year-old son.
Griner says her husband was diagnosed with kidney disease in 2006.
Griner says her husband suffered complete kidney failure three years later.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 281, Total accepted tokens: 281, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The parents of the youngest victim of the Boston Marathon bombings are making an emotional, passionate plea to take the death penalty off the table for the man convicted in the case. Last week, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was found guilty on all 30 charges he faced related to the bombings at the 2013 race and the dramatic violence that dragged out for days afterward. A look at all of the charges . The sentencing phase begins Tuesday, a day after this year's edition of the landmark race. It is expected to last four weeks. The 13th Juror: Now it gets real . In a front-page opinion piece in The Boston Globe, Bill and Denise Richard wrote about the toll taken on their family after the death of their 8-year-old son, Martin. Their daughter, Jane, also was severely injured. "Our family has grieved, buried our young son, battled injuries, and endured numerous surgeries -- all while trying to rebuild lives that will never be the same," they said in the Globe column titled "To end the anguish, drop the death penalty." "We sat in the courtroom, day after day, bearing witness to overwhelming evidence that included graphic video and photographs, replicated bombs, and even the clothes our son wore his last day alive." They said they understood the "heinousness and brutality of the crimes committed." "We were there. We lived it. The defendant murdered our 8-year-old son, maimed our 7-year-old daughter, and stole part of our soul." But now the Richards are urging the Justice Department to bring the case to a close. "We are in favor of and would support the Department of Justice in taking the death penalty off the table in exchange for the defendant spending the rest of his life in prison without any possibility of release and waiving all of his rights to appeal," they wrote. They go on to say: "We know that the government has its reasons for seeking the death penalty, but the continued pursuit of that punishment could bring years of appeals and prolong reliving the most painful day of our lives. We hope our two remaining children do not have to grow up with the lingering, painful reminder of what the defendant took from them, which years of appeals would undoubtedly bring." Martin Richard and two others were killed and more 200 people wounded when a pair of bombs went off within 12 seconds of each other at the finish line on April 15, 2013. Tsarnaev was convicted last week, while his brother, Tamerlan, was killed in a shootout with police two years ago. The Richards never mention Tsarnaev by name. They stress that they were only speaking for themselves when they argue against the death penalty. "We believe that now is the time to turn the page, end the anguish, and look toward a better future -- for us, for Boston, and for the country," they wrote.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Parents of youngest victim of Boston Marathon bombings make plea.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev found guilty on all 30 charges related to bombings.
Sentencing phase expected to last four weeks.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 282, Total accepted tokens: 282, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia, in what police called a major counterterrorism operation. Three of the teens, all of them either 18 or 19, have since been released "pending further enquiries," Australia's Federal Police said, but two remain in custody. Sevdet Besim, 18, has been charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act, and was denied bail Saturday. The other suspect, a 19-year-old, has not yet appeared in court. "Some evidence that we have collected at a couple of the scenes and some other information we have leads us to believe that this particular matter was ISIS-inspired," said Neil Gaughan, acting deputy commissioner of the Australian Federal Police. The suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week, Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Saturday. "The act that we believe was in preparation involved attacks against police officers," he said. There was also a risk to the public, police said. Police said the suspects were targeting a ceremony on Anzac Day (Australia and New Zealand Army Corps Day), which is April 25 and this year is the centennial of the Gallipoli Campaign in World War I. Abbott avoided the term ISIS -- or Islamic State -- to call out those who authorities believed influenced the suspects. He instead referred to the group as the "Daesh death cult," employing the acronym that is transliterated from the group's name in Arabic. It's a handle ISIS is known to loathe. Police also distanced the suspects from any ethnic connection. The men "are individuals acting by themselves. They are not representatives of any religious, cultural or national group," Victoria Police Acting Deputy Commissioner Shane Patton said. "I think the entire Australian community should be concerned about the young age of those particular men," Gaughan said. "And this is an issue not just with law enforcement, but for the broader community. ... We need to get better in relation to identifying young men and woman involved in this type of behavior, at the very early stage." The suspects were associates of 18-year-old Nadun Haider, who was killed while stabbing officers at a police station in September, police said. Abbott lamented a string of extremist attacks on Australian soil. In December, Australian authorities stormed a Sydney chocolate cafe where a self-styled Muslim cleric had been holding hostages, killing the gunman. Two of the 17 hostages initially held by the gunman died. In February, two men were charged with plotting terror activities in Sydney. Despite distancing the suspects from religion, Abbott did make a connection to the Middle East. "There are now about a hundred Australians who are fighting with terrorists in the Middle East," and another 150 people in Australia support them with funds and recruiting, the Prime Minister said. In February, Abbott announced tougher citizenship laws as a part of the government's new counterterrorism strategy. Authorities have suspended Australian passports of those they suspect of terrorist activity. Australians should be stoic about the threat of terrorism, Abbott said Saturday. "The best thing you can do in the face of those who would do us harm is live your life normally." He asked Australians to turn out in droves on Anzac Day. Police said this particular threat had been fully contained.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police: Suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration.
Police: Suspects were associates of 18-year-old Nadun Haider.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott: "We need to get better in relation to... young men"
Police: Suspects were targeting a ceremony on Anzac Day.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 283, Total accepted tokens: 283, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Mercedes driver and F1 championship leader Lewis Hamilton stole pole position for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix from teammate and fierce rival Nico Rosberg in dramatic fashion. Hamilton took first place on the front row on the last lap, beating Rosberg by a slim four hundredths of a second margin. Frenemies . The two former friends have enjoyed, or rather endured, a heated rivalry since falling out last season and Rosberg's annoyance at Hamilton's last ditch success was obvious. The German appeared upset as he left his car and refused to shake Hamilton's hand. He did, however, find time to congratulate fellow German driver Sebastian Vettel, who will start in third after the Ferrari driver surprisingly won the Malaysian GP two weeks ago. "I don't actually mind him having more (poles)," a nonplussed Hamilton told AFP after the session. "He can have the trophy for most poles. As long as I have the trophy for winning -- that's all that matters. Ultimately qualifying is not the end of the world." "I am frustrated" In the post qualifying press conference Rosberg appeared more magnanimous, but still shocked by Hamilton's last minute burst of speed. "I was frustrated, I am frustrated, yeah," Rosberg admitted. "It's so close and of course I would have wanted to have pole today... It's just four hundredths and that makes it even more annoying because it's just very, very close. A lap is never 100 per cent perfect and four hundredths is really the blink of an eye." Kimi Raikkonen will join his teammate Vettel on the second row and will be looking for a repeat of Ferrari's performance in Malaysia, which shocked Mercedes and Hamilton in particular. Huge support . But Hamilton has been quickest all weekend and will enjoy a surprising amount of support in Shanghai, a track the British driver has always thrived on. "Have you seen the banners that I have here?" he told the assembled press when asked why he liked racing at Shanghai so much. "The support I have here's pretty unreal. I just like the track. I guess it just naturally suits my driving style."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Lewis Hamilton takes pole position for Sunday's Chinese Grand Prix from Nico Rosberg.
The two former friends have enjoyed, or rather endured, a heated rivalry since falling out last season.
The German appeared upset as he left his car and refused to shake Hamilton's hand.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 284, Total accepted tokens: 284, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Arizona investigators have released dramatic video of a Walmart parking lot brawl that left a police officer wounded, one man dead, and reportedly involved members of a Christian family band. Enoch Gaver, 21, was killed in the fight in the town of Cottonwood, and suspect David Gaver, 28, was shot in the stomach and taken into custody.  Police Sergeant Jeremy Daniels was hit in the leg by a bullet fired during the melee. The police dashcam video, released Friday, shows Cottonwood Police approaching the group of eight people -- all identified as members of the Gaver family -- around a large SUV in a Walmart parking lot on March 21. Officers wanted to question them about the alleged assault of a Walmart employee who was going into the store bathroom. The police were accompanied by another Walmart employee. On the video, an officer tells the group that they "need to separate these folks and talk to them." Someone then responds, "No, you are not going to separate me from my parents," and, "don't touch me." The video then shows a police officer being put in a headlock and knocked to the ground. The sound of Taser fire is heard. Police say pepper spray was deployed and that at least three shots were fired in an apparent struggle for an officer's gun. Several times on the video the group appears to surrender, but starts fighting again. The melee goes for several minutes until backup officers arrive and make arrests. Police charged four members of the family with assaulting an officer and resisting arrest. Two minors were also taken into custody and are being held at a juvenile detention facility. At least three members of the family are reportedly in a Christian band named "Matthew 24 Now," which is a Bible verse that refers to the end times, according to CNN affiliate KPHO. The family was living out of its Chevy Suburban. CNN's Greg Morrison contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police: Group of eight people -- all identified as members of the Gaver family -- were involved.
Police: Officers wanted to question them about alleged assault of Walmart employee.
Police: At least three shots were fired in apparent struggle for officer's gun.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 285, Total accepted tokens: 285, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Jerusalem (CNN)A Palestinian teenager's name will be removed from an Israeli memorial commemorating fallen soldiers and the victims of terrorism after his family and others complained. Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name appeared this week on the wall at Jerusalem's Mount Herzl, the site of the national cemetery, as the nation prepared to mark its Memorial Day on Wednesday. Abu Khdeir, 16, was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July, according to prosecutors. A picture on the memorial website for Abu Khdeir shows an Israeli flag with two flowers called "Blood of the Maccabees" in Israel, a symbol often used on Memorial Day, when the country honors its soldiers killed in the line of duty and victims of terrorism. But Abu Khdeir's family objected to his inclusion on the memorial wall. His father, Hussein Abu Khdeir, said no one asked for his permission to put his son's name on the wall. "I refuse that my son's name will be listed between soldiers of the occupation," he said. Almagor, an organization that works on behalf of victims of terror in Israel, also opposes Abu Khdeir's inclusion on the memorial. Almagor described the teen's death as a rogue attack and said he's not a terror victim. "Somebody did here a trick, and we are going to fight to correct it," said Almagor CEO Meir Indor.  "We will not recognize someone who was murdered in a brutal way in an individual action." Indor's organization wrote a letter to the National Insurance Institute of Israel -- the country's social security administration, which maintains the memorial site -- demanding that Abu Khdeir's name be removed from the memorial wall. Indor said if the teenager's name is not taken off, members of Almagor want their own family members' names removed. On Wednesday, Israel Radio reported that the National Insurance Institute of Israel will remove Abu Khdeir's name from the memorial following his father's complaints.  The teen's name has already been removed from the organization's website, which lists the names on the memorial wall. A panel of judges began hearing evidence in January against the three suspects in Abu Khdeir's killing.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mohammed Abu Khdeir's name will be removed from memorial wall.
Teen was beaten and burned alive by three Israelis in July.
His family says no one asked for his permission to put his son's name on the wall.
Almagor, an organization that works on behalf of victims of terror, opposes his inclusion.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 286, Total accepted tokens: 286, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Larry Upright died just one day after Hillary Clinton announced she was running for president. And in his obituary, his family made just two requests: please donate to a children's hospital, and please don't vote for Clinton. Upright, a staunch Republican, died Monday at a North Carolina hospital. He was 81. "In lieu of flowers, memorials may be sent to Shriners Hospital for Children," his obituary reads. "Also, the family respectfully asks that you do not vote for Hillary Clinton in 2016. R.I.P. Grandaddy." Daughter Jill McLain said it was natural to put that line in her father's tribute. "He was very passionate about politics and probably passed a little of that on," she told CNN affiliate WSOC. Son Michael Upright said he knew his father would enjoy the request. "We know he's up there giggling right now, just laughing out loud," he told WSOC. Upright's passions included much more than just politics. His greatest joy was his family, and he was a former Shriner of the Year at the Cabarrus Shrine Club, according to his obituary. After retiring from the building automation industry, he became an avid golfer. But it's the last few lines of his obituary that is spurred comments from across the country. "You have my solemn promise I will not waste a vote on Hillary Clinton," Marina Shear of Dallas wrote in the obituary's online guestbook. "You were a wise man, Larry Upright," said Ron Renno of Forsyth, Georgia. "I will remember your request in November 2016. Rest in peace, Sir." Nigel Dufont of Kannapolis, North Carolina, offered his condolences but said he wouldn't budge on his support of Clinton. "So sorry to hear about Larry, but I am still voting for Hilary!" he wrote. And an anonymous commenter stayed open-minded to whoever might enter the field. "May you rest in peace. I will vote for Hillary if she is the best candidate."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Larry Upright died just one day after Hillary Clinton announced she was running for president.
Upright, a staunch Republican, died Monday at a North Carolina hospital.
Upright's family made just two requests: please donate to a children's hospital, and please don't vote for Clinton.
Upright's passions included much more than just politics.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 287, Total accepted tokens: 287, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Was it politics or something else? No one is sure, but the headstone of Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, was found tipped over this week, just a couple of days after she announced her run for the White House. "It was just laying down just right like that, boom," Paul McGloin told CNN affiliate WNEP.  "I pass here five, six times a day because I live two blocks from here and when I looked I couldn't  believe it, to see that it was tipped over." McGloin said he's tended to the grave site at the Washburn Street Cemetery in Scranton, Pennsylvania, since Rodham was buried there in 1993. Police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over. Police Chief Carl Graziano told The Scranton Times-Tribune that he suspects vandalism. "I'm not sure how else it would have fallen over," he said. Still, police will look into the possibility that it was weather-related. Funeral director Neil Regan also said vandalism is the most-likely cause, not the weather. "The more I thought about it, there were no serious winds or weather events," he said.  "Paul McGloin told me he had driven by here 8 o'clock (Monday) morning and the stone was in place." McGloin believes it's no coincidence that it happened within days of Clinton announcing her second presidential bid. "And all of a sudden the headstone is tipped over, two days later," he said.  "As long as I`ve been coming here, the headstone has been pretty secure around the base of it." CNN's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Headstone of Hillary Clinton's father, Hugh Rodham, tipped over.
Rodham was buried at the same cemetery as her father, John F. Kennedy.
Police are investigating, but no other headstones were knocked over.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 288, Total accepted tokens: 288, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A family trip to a Nebraska zoo turned terrifying for one family after the gorilla they were looking at leaped toward the exhibit window, cracking it. Kevin Cave caught the incident on video that he posted on his Reddit page. It has already been viewed more than 1 million times. Cave said when his family first arrived at Omaha's Henry Doorly Zoo gorilla exhibit, he noticed one of the gorillas had a cut below his eye that was "bleeding a little bit." He said he overheard a couple of zookeepers say the gorillas had been fighting with one another. Then the gorilla -- named Kijoto -- charged toward the window and smacked into it, he said. The leap sent the family and other patrons running, but Cave said when he looked back, "it wasn't as bad as we thought it was." Dan Cassidy with the Henry Doorly Zoo said he's been surprised by the attention since he considered the whole thing a "nonevent." The group of male gorillas is known to have occasional skirmishes. "They show how tough they are by pounding on the wall and the windows," Cassidy said. Even with the crack, the public was never in danger, he said, because the window has multiple layers of both glass and acrylic. Kijoto is a 20-year-old western lowland gorilla, according to a release on the zoo's website. He weighs 375 pounds.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Family trip to Nebraska zoo turns terrifying for one family after the gorilla leaped toward the exhibit window.
Gorilla named Kijoto charged toward the window and smacked into it.
The leap sent the family and other patrons running, but Cave said when he looked back, "it wasn't as bad as we thought it was"
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 289, Total accepted tokens: 289, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The world's seventh-largest economy is heading toward collapse. An economic powerhouse conservatively valued at $24 trillion, one that annually churns out the equivalent of $2.5 trillion, is under assault. However, I am not referring to one of the G8 economies, but to the "super economy" of the ocean. It's one that for far too long has been ignored and taken for granted -- and it is going downhill fast. The health and wealth of the ocean are assessed in a WWF report released Thursday, Reviving the Ocean Economy. The report is the result of a hard economic analysis performed by The Boston Consulting Group built on a foundation of the latest ocean science provided by the Global Change Institute of the University of Queensland. True, the enormity of the ocean can complicate any single appraisal. But it is still important to try to understand its value if global leaders are ever going to sustain it for future generations. The fact is that the ocean feeds us, employs us, offers protection and plays a direct role in the lives and livelihoods of people throughout the world. The ocean also provides intangible but essential services to humanity, such as climate regulation and oxygen production, that are difficult to put in monetary terms. And while we all may look at the ocean from different perspectives, no one can escape the fact that it is a shared resource that provides for each and every one of us. A figure that may get lost in the headlines generated by our report is perhaps most telling: Seventy percent of the ocean's overall economic value relies on its continued health. Ocean assets like fisheries, coral reefs, mangroves and seagrasses that produce goods and services rivaling the world's top 10 economies will lose their value if we continue to over-exploit and outright destroy them. That may seem like a far-off possibility to some, but it is a future foretold by the many details in this report. For example, 90 percent of the world's fish stocks are either fully exploited or over-exploited. And that is not all. By 2050 -- only a few decades from now -- it is possible that the ocean could lose its coral reefs, which have already been halved in the last few decades. This isn't just a concern for dive enthusiasts, but to the hundreds of millions of people that rely on ocean resources for their daily meals and their weekly paychecks. The ocean is truly too big to fail. The loss of the ocean's critical habitats and species would have a devastating ripple effect on global food security and economies that no government bailout could salvage. Fortunately, our report identifies actions that would revive the ocean economy, three of which are critical this year. First, the international community must rally around a set of sustainable development goals that clearly reflect the link between the environment -- including the ocean -- and human well-being. Also, negotiators meeting in Paris later this year must agree on an ambitious global climate deal that sets us on the path to avert the worst impacts of climate change. And finally, leaders must commit to conserving increasing amounts of coastal and marine areas over the course of the next 15 years. The economic case for why the ocean is so critical to livelihoods around the world is clear, and we will not be able to plead ignorance if we collectively preside over the collapse of the ocean economy. Reviving the Ocean Economy is dedicated to helping us avoid that outcome, but it will require political vision and courage among policymakers. All this said, and as terrifying as it is that the deterioration of the ocean's health has been its fastest in millions of years, there is actually some (potential) good news: If we act swiftly and with determination, marine resources can recover -- and recover quickly. Many local examples -- from the Mediterranean to the Mozambique Channel, from the Fiji archipelago to the Arctic -- show us that conservation, restoration and sustainable-use approaches mean the ocean, and the people who depend on it, can both prosper. Ultimately, the ocean bridges continents, connects cultures and offers equal opportunity inspiration and we should therefore work together in support of this vital shared resource. But if we are to have any chance of avoiding the point of no return, we must find ways of reaching genuine global commitments on sustainable development and climate. After all, it's far better to avoid an economic collapse than be forced to scramble to pick up the pieces.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: WWF report: Ocean assets like fisheries, coral reefs, mangroves and seagrasses lose value.
Report: Ocean provides climate regulation, oxygen production, food security.
Report: Ocean assets like fisheries, coral reefs, mangroves and seagrasses lose value.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 290, Total accepted tokens: 290, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Looks like another really, really, ridiculously good-looking person is joining the cast of "Zoolander 2." Actress Penelope Cruz will appear in the upcoming sequel to the popular 2001 film, Ben Stiller announced Friday. Stiller, who plays the title role of male model Derek Zoolander, dropped the news by sharing a photo of "Little Penny" Cruz as a child and saying he was "excited" to welcome her to the cast. Stiller and Owen Wilson, who plays so-hot-right-now model "Hansel" made a surprise appearance at Paris Fashion Week to promote the film. It is scheduled for release in February 2016. Stiller has been sharing photos on social media from the film's production in Italy, dropping hints to the plot. For example, it looks like Zoolander has a son in the sequel! Stiller, a producer on the film, is also slated to produce the sequel to "Dodgeball," another fan favorite from his resume.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Penelope Cruz make surprise appearance at Paris Fashion Week.
Stiller, Wilson, Cruz are scheduled to appear in "Zoolander 2" in February 2016.
Stiller has been sharing photos on social media from the film's production in Italy.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 291, Total accepted tokens: 291, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Jerusalem (CNN)The flame of remembrance burns in Jerusalem, and a song of memory haunts Valerie Braham as it never has before. This year, Israel's Memorial Day commemoration is for bereaved family members such as Braham. "Now I truly understand everyone who has lost a loved one," Braham said. Her husband, Philippe Braham, was one of 17 people killed in January's terror attacks in Paris. He was in a kosher supermarket when a gunman stormed in, killing four people, all of them Jewish. The terrorist, Amedy Coulibaly, recorded the attack on camera. Philippe Braham was laid to rest in Jerusalem's Givat Shaul cemetery after the attacks, not far from where the Jewish Agency held a memorial ceremony to mourn victims of terror. "Today we all share the same pain," Valerie Braham said to the assembled crowd. "I know they protect us from above." As Israel mourns on the nation's remembrance day, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls announced after his weekly Cabinet meeting that French authorities had foiled a terror plot. Valls said that France is fully mobilized following January's attack, which allowed authorities to identify and stop the planned attack. The latest news is a painful reminder of Braham's recent loss. Braham now lives for her young children. She has two daughters and one son. Braham tells them stories of their father to keep his memory alive and to keep herself strong. She pauses as she speaks, finding the right words to describe the love of her life who was taken from her. "We had 10 years of marriage together, and we were a perfect couple. We had no problems. We didn't fight. It was like the day we were married," she said, holding back tears. She has told this story before, but it doesn't seem to get any easier. One month after the terror attacks in Paris, a gunman attacked a synagogue in Copenhagen, Denmark, killing Dan Uzan, who was working as a security guard for a bat mitzvah party. Uzan, 37, was laid to rest in Copenhagen. Like Valerie Braham, Uzan's parents attended the memorial service in Jerusalem. The recent attacks were on the nation's collective mind as mourners gathered in groups to commemorate fallen soldiers and victims of terror. The Copenhagen attack forced Braham to relive her fear. "I have no idea," she said, hesitating. "It seems they found a way to attack outside of war. It seems easy for them to attack, and it's frightening." When asked where she feels at home, Braham doesn't hesitate. It is her most confident answer. "In Israel. Obviously, in Israel. In God's name, we will move to Israel." Braham said she will move her family from Paris to Israel when she is ready, but she does not want to feel like she is running away.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Israeli mourners gather in groups to commemorate fallen soldiers and victims of terror.
French PM says France is fully mobilized following January's attack.
Bereaved family members such as Valerie Braham are mourning.
Braham says she will move her family from Paris to Israel when she is ready.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 292, Total accepted tokens: 292, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Seoul, South Korea (CNN)On March 20, 2013, a cyberattack brought chaos to several banks and media outlets in South Korea. Then more ominously on December 23 last year, computers at the country's nuclear operator were breached.  Again cybercrime was suspected. The source of these attacks? North Korea. And South Korean investigators say they have proof -- the actual malicious codes used in the attacks. They shared this data with CNN. The 2013 attack, known as "Dark Seoul," paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks and broadcasters, disrupting network systems and wiping their hard disks clean. "It would try to delete essentially all your files... then restart the system. You would come back up and nothing would be there," Joshua James, a digital forensic expert, told CNN. "If it infected more financial systems, it could have deleted all financial data in Korea. I mean, it is dangerous," the visiting professor at Chuncheon's Hallym University added. Live footage of the breaches showed computer screens at the media companies completely down, while bank customers were unable to make withdrawals, or transfer money online. "Dark Seoul" happened shortly after the North Korean government announced it would end the armistice agreement that brought the three-year Korean War to an end in July 1953 amid growing tensions with its neighbor. The latest high-profile digital incursion, in December, attempted to steal data from South Korea's nuclear operator, including plant blueprints and personnel information. Though investigators said no critical data was stolen, the attack raised serious concerns about the safety and security of the 23 nuclear power plants it runs. The attack itself was described by James as a "spear-fishing" exercise where unsuspecting victims -- retired and current employees of the nuclear operator -- were prompted to open up a disguised document in their email. "As soon as you double click on it, it starts running in the background of your computer where you can't see ... it's also trying to open up your computer -- what we call a back door -- to give access to the infected system by the attacker," he told CNN. The attack, which James said was simpler than "Dark Seoul," came just a few days after Sony Pictures said their systems has been "hacked," another attack the South Korean authorities blamed on North Korea. "From a law enforcement or investigation side, we're trying to actually trace back to who did it," said James. Seoul announced in mid-March that some of the IP addresses used in December incursion could be traced back to Shenyang, China, which can be easily accessed from the North Korean border. Codes used in the attack were said to be similar in pattern to those used by the North Koreans, South Korean authorities said. "The malicious codes used in the attack were same in composition and working methods as "Kimsuky" codes known to be used by North Korea," the prosecutor's office that leads 17 other government agencies and Internet companies in the investigation said in the statement in March. Pyongyang has dismissed the claims it launched these attacks, calling them a "plot and fabrication that can never win over the truth." But many experts say North Korea appears to be investing more in cyberwarfare because it is cheaper than spending on conventional weapons and can cause significant economic damage to its southern rival. Indeed South Korea's Defense Ministry estimates that North Korea is operating a "cyberarmy" of 6,000 workers as it focuses on strengthening its asymmetrical warfare capability. "Hacks are going on all the time, constantly -- though how many actually make the news is a very small amount," said James. "How many are detected in general? I think the average person would have no clue they've been hacked. "Organizations need to invest the same amount that hackers are investing to protect themselves and right now they're not," he added. Many in South Korea believe not enough effort is being put into defending against cyberattacks. A report by the Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade, a government-funded think tank, estimates that "Dark Seoul" caused about $820 million worth of damage. Its report, published in 2014, predicted that by 2020, South Korea could be exposed to hacking attacks causing up to $25 billion in economic damage.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: South Korean authorities say they have proof of the source of the attacks.
The 2013 attack paralyzed an estimated 48,000 computers at a number of major banks.
The latest high-profile digital incursion attempted to steal data from South Korea's nuclear operator.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 293, Total accepted tokens: 293, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A Saudi-led coalition Tuesday ended its "Operation Decisive Storm" -- its nearly monthlong airstrike campaign in Yemen -- and a new initiative is underway. "Operation Renewal of Hope" will focus on the political process. Saudi Arabia had launched airstrikes on Houthi positions across Yemen, hoping to wipe out the Iranian-allied rebel group that has overthrown the government and seized power. The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government, a key U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda, which was kicked out of the capital by the rebels earlier this year. This month, Saudi officials said airstrikes have degraded Houthi-controlled military infrastructure, including key buildings in the capital Sanaa. The campaign achieved its objectives "by a very good planning, very precise execution, by the courage of our pilots, our sailors, our soldiers," said Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri, a Saudi military spokesman. A senior Saudi official told CNN that the Houthis agreed to "nearly all demands" of the U.N. Security Council. Former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh and his family will leave Yemen and never return for a position in politics, the source said. A statement from the Saudi Embassy in Washington outlined objectives of the next phase of operations, including protecting civilians, enhancing humanitarian and medical assistance, confronting terrorism and creating an international coalition to provide maritime security. Ground troops will continue to protect the border and confront any attempts to destabilize the situation, Asiri said. Military action will be taken if needed. But beyond the military campaign, the Saudis and their allies have said they want to find a political solution for the violence-plagued nation. The aim is to bring back Yemen's "security and stability through establishing a political process," said a statement from Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Qatar and Kuwait. Ousted Yemen President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi thanked the Saudi-led coalition. Hadi claims he's Yemen's legitimate leader and is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to his country. "We promise to restructure the Yemen military to ensure that it serves the people of Yemen," Hadi said, calling on the Houthis to withdraw, and saying that he would return to Yemen at "the right time" to rebuild the country. "You will witness many changes in the days to come in our mission to build an institutional government and military, far from rebel militancy," said Hadi. Also Tuesday, a U.S. military official told CNN that the United States is conducting "manned reconnaissance" off Yemen. The official stressed that the repositioning of U.S. ships over the last days was not done to interdict Iranian ships, but to ensure freedom of navigation and maritime security. Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen? CNN's Jethro Mullen, Tim Lister, Anas Hamdan, Jamie Crawford and journalist Hakim Almasmari contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Saudi-led coalition ends month-long airstrike campaign in Yemen.
Saudi Arabia hopes to restore Yemeni government.
Saudi officials say airstrikes have degraded Houthi-controlled military infrastructure.
Saudi Arabia, allies say they want to find a political solution for the violence-plagued nation.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 294, Total accepted tokens: 294, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The Indonesian government has ordered preparations for the execution of 10 inmates on death row, including Filipino maid Mary Jane Veloso and Australians Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. Jakarta has advised consular officials to travel to Indonesia's "execution island" -- Nusa Kambangan -- where the ten are being held, though a spokesman for the Attorney General, Tony Spontana, told CNN Friday this is not the required 72-hour notice given to death row convicts before the actual execution. But he said, "the time is approaching." The 10 inmates, from Australia, France, Ghana, the Philippines, Brazil, Nigeria and Indonesia, had their petitions for clemency denied by President Joko Widodo in late 2014. The executions, which will be carried out by firing squad, were planned for earlier this year but were postponed after several inmates filed separate legal challenges. On Tuesday, the Indonesian Supreme Court rejected reviews filed by French national Serge Atlaoui and Ghanaian Martin Anderson. "We're just waiting for one more decision on the judicial review filed by Zainal Abidin and we hope the Supreme Court's decision will come out tomorrow (Friday)," Spontana added. Abidin is also a drug convict and the only Indonesian citizen in the group. Chan and Sukumaran, members of the so-called "Bali Nine" convicted for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot, tried to challenge the President's decision earlier this month but lost an appeal for the State Administrative Court to hear their case. Their lawyers have since filed another review at the Constitutional Court. The Attorney General's office has said they would respect all ongoing court proceedings but insisted the inmates have exhausted all their legal options. Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with Indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths. In another sign that the execution date may be announced soon, Spontana said Veloso, 30, was moved Friday to Nusa Kambangan, which lies off the coast of West Java. She has been held in a prison in Yogyakarta, Central Java since 2010. The Supreme Court rejected her petition for a judicial review in March but her lawyers were still preparing to file a second review on Monday. OPINION: Why executions won't win Indonesia's drug war . According to her lawyers, Veloso unknowingly carried drugs into Indonesia and that she was set up by members of a drug syndicate. Her entire family has traveled to Indonesia to fulfill her last wish. Older sister Marites Laurente told CNN Friday that Veloso wants to see parents, siblings and two young sons before facing the firing squad. Laurente said that while her sister seemed resigned to her fate, the family still hopes for a stay in her execution. "The chances are slim but we're hoping for a miracle. That's what we need, a miracle," she said. "If President Widodo kills her, he would kill an innocent person. So please stop them from executing her." At the time of the interview, lawyers had not informed the family about news of the attorney general's orders. Veloso's father, Cesar Veloso, 59, suffers from a heart ailment and seemed distraught about his daughter's situation. "If I find out that my daughter will be executed the next day, I will kill myself first," he told CNN late Thursday. "It's like throwing my child away. She is innocent. I cannot accept it." No date has been set for the execution.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Death row inmates in Indonesia to be executed in Nusa Kambangan.
Inmates had their petitions for clemency denied by President Joko Widodo.
Executions planned for earlier this year but were postponed after several inmates filed separate legal challenges.
Inmates from Australia, France, Ghana, the Philippines, Brazil, Nigeria and Indonesia.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 295, Total accepted tokens: 295, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A SkyWest Airlines flight made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York, on Wednesday after a passenger lost consciousness, officials said. The passenger received medical attention before being released, according to Marissa Snow, spokeswoman for SkyWest. She said the airliner expects to accommodate the 75 passengers on another aircraft to their original destination -- Hartford, Connecticut -- later Wednesday afternoon. The Federal Aviation Administration initially reported a pressurization problem and said it would investigate. Snow said there was no indication of any pressurization issues, and the FAA later issued a statement that did not reference a pressurization problem. SkyWest also said there was no problem with the plane's door, which some media initially reported. Flight 5622 was originally scheduled to fly from Chicago to Hartford. The plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes. "It would feel like a roller coaster -- when you're coming over the top and you're going down," CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo said, describing how such a descent would feel. "You know that these pilots knew they were in a very grave and very serious situation."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: FAA says no pressurization problem.
Passenger lost consciousness during flight.
Plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes.
Passenger received medical attention before being released.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 296, Total accepted tokens: 296, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Cigarettes have been put out across the bars of New Orleans. Cigars are welcome no more. The city known for excess of everything -- drinking, eating, dancing in the street until all hours -- went smoke-free as Tuesday became Wednesday at midnight. How can that be? It turns out that the city known for its over-the-top Mardi Gras celebrations and incredible jazz fests (starting Friday!) didn't want its waiters and musicians to have to breathe smoke to do their jobs anymore. The New Orleans City Council passed its ban against smoking in most places across the city -- including bars, casinos and restaurants -- in January, and the vote was unanimous, the New Orleans Times-Picayune reports. Bar owners worried about potential revenue loss, while puffing customers bemoaned the loss of their smoking spots. Harrah's New Orleans and bar owners filed a lawsuit to stop the ban, and a hearing is scheduled in state court in a month, CNN affiliate WAPT reports. Fines start at $50. Luckily for us, none of CNN's 15 New Orleans must-do's -- including touring Treme or eating a beignet -- requires smoking.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: City Council passes ban against smoking in most places across the city.
Bar owners worried about potential revenue loss.
Fines start at $50.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 297, Total accepted tokens: 297, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Five years ago, Rebecca Francis posed for a photo while lying next to a dead giraffe. This week, she got threatened for her action. The trouble started Monday, when comedian Ricky Gervais tweeted the photo with a question. "What must've happened to you in your life to make you want to kill a beautiful animal & then lie next to it smiling?" Gervais wrote. In the past three days, his tweet has been retweeted almost 30,000 times. A number of people insulted and threatened Francis in response to the giraffe photo and others featuring her. On the website rebeccafrancis.com, there are photos of Francis with other animals, including a lion, which other Twitterers responded to. Francis, who has appeared on the NBC Sports Network outdoor lifestyle show "Eye of the Hunter" and was the subject of an interview with Hunting Life in late March, responded in a statement to HuntingLife.com on Tuesday, which was posted on its Facebook page. The death came about, she said, because she was asked by others on an African hunt to "preserve" him for the local people. "(The locals) showed me this beautiful old bull giraffe that was wandering all alone. He had been kicked out of the herd by a younger and stronger bull. He was past his breeding years and very close to death," she said. "They asked me if I would preserve this giraffe by providing all the locals with food and other means of survival. ... I chose to honor his life by providing others with his uses and I do not regret it for one second. (The locals) did not waste a single part of him. I am grateful to be a part of something so good." According to the Giraffe Conservation Foundation, there are about 80,000 giraffes in Africa, a decline of 60,000 in the past 15 years. On a website called rebeccafrancis.com, where the photo is posted, Francis describes herself as a longtime outdoors enthusiast and a fan of bow-hunting. "I prefer bowhunting, and the animals I have taken with a bow include: a 10 1/2 ft. brown bear, black bear, shiras moose, alaskan moose,  dall sheep, stone sheep, desert bighorn ram, rocky mountain bighorn ram, mule deer, whitetail deer, elk, mountain goat, antelope, arapawa ram, kudu, zebra, black wildebeest, giraffe, springbuck, blesbuck, lynx, badger, and squirrel," she writes. "I have also taken many of the same species and more with a rifle." She has achieved the "Full Curl of North American sheep" with a bow, according to the Hunting Life interview, and hopes to achieve the "Super 10." The latter, according to liveoutdoors.com, "entails the taking of one animal from the ten basic North American species: bears, cats, deer, elk, caribou, moose, bison/muskox, goat, antelope and sheep." Tom Opre, the producer and co-host of "Eye of the Hunter," says she won the first season of "Extreme Huntress," an online offshoot of "Eye," and co-hosted a handful of "Eye" episodes. The rebeccafrancis.com website was apparently last updated in 2013, though it makes mention of a 2015 TV series called "Sheep Shape" on the Sportsman Channel. CNN has reached out to Francis for comment.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Rebecca Francis poses for photo with dead giraffe.
Francis says she was asked to "preserve" giraffe for locals.
Francis says she has taken many animals with bow, rifle.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 298, Total accepted tokens: 298, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Atlanta (CNN)Federal marshals have arrested Scott Kelley, a fugitive accused of kidnapping who was featured on CNN's "The Hunt." Kelley, 50, was taken into custody at the Atlanta airport Wednesday after arriving on a flight from Costa Rica, Deputy U.S. Marshal Jamie Berry said. "It was time to come home," Kelley told People magazine about his decision to return to the United States. Kelley has been wanted since 2004, accused of noncustodial kidnapping and unlawful flight to avoid prosecution. His wife, Genevieve Kelley, who's charged with the same crimes, turned herself in to authorities last year, just a few months after the case was featured on CNN's "The Hunt." Her trial is scheduled to start next month. The couple is accused of leaving New Hampshire, kidnapping Genevieve Kelley's daughter, Mary Nunes, and beginning a life on the lam when she was 8 years old. At the time, the child's father, Mark Nunes, had full custody rights. The search for the three spanned the United States, Canada and Central and South America. It ended on Monday, when Scott Kelley and Mary Nunes entered the U.S. Consulate in Costa Rica and requested passports so they could return to the United States. The consulate notified U.S. Marshals, Berry said, and when Kelley and Nunes flew to Atlanta on Wednesday investigators were waiting for them. Mary Nunes, now 19, was interviewed by investigators at the Atlanta airport to ensure her health and safety and then allowed to continue to her final destination, Berry said. Previously, authorities had said her whereabouts were unknown. CNN New Hampshire affiliate WMUR reported that the daughter plans to testify at her mother's trial. In a statement released through a private investigator he's hired in the case, her father said that he was thrilled to learn Mary is safe. "We love Mary and are overjoyed that she is alive and back in the US. Our hearts and home are open to her, and we will do everything we can to insure she remains safe and healthy," Mark Nunes said in a statement. "We remain concerned about her emotional and physical well-being. We look forward to the day our family is finally reunited." Kelley's attorney did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Before allegedly fleeing the country, Genevieve Kelley had accused her ex-husband of abusing their child. Investigators found no basis for the accusations and no charges were filed. On a Facebook page defending her, supporters of the mother say she did what any parent would do under the same circumstances. Photos on the page show her standing with friends holding signs that say, "Justice for Gen! Children need protection." Wayne Rioux, who was then the police chief of Whitefield, New Hampshire, told "The Hunt" that a video Genevieve and Scott Kelley made, intended to prove their abuse allegations, aroused his suspicions. Rioux watched the tape for "any evidence of wrongdoing by Mark Nunes." "But throughout the tape all I saw was this bizarre, strange conduct by the mother," Rioux said, "who was absolutely brainwashing the daughter and trying to get the daughter to say things against her daddy." Attorney Alan Rosenfeld has argued that Genevieve Kelley had no other option than running away with her daughter, after a court-appointed guardian and social service agencies had said they didn't believe the abuse allegations. "Simply put, there was no lawful alternative to provide safety for this child," he said earlier this year, according to WMUR. Earlier this year, Brazilian police tracked down Victor Arden Barnard, another fugitive who'd been featured on "The Hunt." The 53-year-old American pastor is accused of dozens of sexual assaults in Minnesota. Last year, the same day Genevieve Kelley was arrested, authorities in Texas announced that in an unrelated case, remains found were confirmed to be those of another fugitive featured on the program, Kevin Patrick Stoeser. Stoeser, a U.S. soldier who was dishonorably discharged, pleaded guilty in 2003 to child sexual assault and child pornography charges and was sentenced to 13 years behind bars. Remains of Shane Miller, another suspect featured on the "The Hunt," were found last year. And Charles Mozdir, another suspect who was profiled on the show, was killed in a gunbattle with authorities. CNN's Tricia Escobedo and Slma Shelbayah contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Scott Kelley, 50, was wanted since 2004 for kidnapping.
Kelley and his wife, Genevieve Kelley, are accused of kidnapping Genevieve's daughter.
Kelley's attorney: "We love Mary and are overjoyed that she is alive and back in the U.S."
Kelley's attorney: "There was no lawful alternative to provide safety for this child"
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 299, Total accepted tokens: 299, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A North Pacific gray whale has earned a spot in the record books after completing the longest migration of a mammal ever recorded. The whale, named Varvara, swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers), according to a release from Oregon State University, whose scientists helped conduct the whale-tracking study. Varvara, which is Russian for "Barbara," left her primary feeding ground off Russia's Sakhalin Island to cross the  Pacific Ocean and down the West Coast of the United States to Baja, Mexico. Varvara's journey surpassed a record listed on the Guinness Worlds Records website. It said the previous record was set by a humpback whale that swam a mere 10,190-mile round trip between the "warm breeding waters near the equator and the colder food-rich waters of the Arctic and Antarctic regions." Records are nice, but Bruce Mate, the lead author of the study, thinks the long trip might say more about the whale than just its ability to swim. During her 14,000-mile journey, Varvara visited "three major breeding areas for eastern gray whales," which was a surprise to Mate, who is also the director of the Marine Mammal Institute at Oregon State University. "For her to go to Mexico," Mate said, "It's pretty strong evidence that it's where she's from." Varvara was thought to be an endangered western whale, but her ability to "navigate across open water over tremendously long distances is impressive," he said in the release, which could mean that some western gray whales are actually eastern grays. With only 150 western gray whales believed to be in existence, that number might be even lower. "Past studies have indicated genetic differentiation between the species, but this suggests we may need to take a closer look," Mate said. Fourth baby orca born this season .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: North Pacific gray whale named Varvara completes longest migration of a mammal.
Whale swam nearly 14,000 miles (22,500 kilometers)
Whale visited "three major breeding areas for eastern gray whales"
Whale was thought to be an endangered western gray whale.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 300, Total accepted tokens: 300, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Beijing (CNN)Chinese police on Monday released five female activists who were detained last month, family and friends of the women tell CNN. Wei Tingting, Wang Man, Zheng Churan, Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong were freed. The women will be under police surveillance for a year and have their movements and activities restricted, attorney Liang Xiaojun said. Police can summon the women for questioning at any time, he added. The five members of China's Women's Rights Action Group were detained in Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou a few days before events planned for International Women's Day on March 8. The United States had urged China to free them, and the international community harshly criticized keeping the women in custody. "Each and every one of us has the right to speak out against sexual harassment and the many other injustices that millions of women and girls suffer around the world," U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement Friday. "We strongly support the efforts of these activists to make progress on these challenging issues, and we believe that Chinese authorities should also support them, not silence them." "Free the five" became a Twitter hashtag. Wang Qiushi, a lawyer for Wei, said police recommended last week that prosecutors press charges of "assembling a crowd to disturb public order."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Five women released from police custody.
Women will be under police surveillance for a year.
Women were detained in Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 301, Total accepted tokens: 301, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)ESPN's Britt McHenry this week found herself in the news, rather than reporting on it, after a video surfaced showing her berating and belittling an employee of a tow company in Arlington, Virginia. Among the highlights, as caught on tape and eventually uploaded to LiveLeak: "I'm on television and you're in a f**king trailer, honey," and "I wouldn't work at a scumbag place like this. Makes my skin crawl even being here." And, finally, "Lose some weight, baby girl." It's pretty cringe-worthy stuff that seems difficult, if not impossible, to defend. McHenry quickly issued an apology, blaming the incident on a moment of intense frustration but admitting her mistake and accepting responsibility. It was, however, too late: the #firebrittmchenry hashtag was already trending on Twitter, where she was called everything from classist, class-less, and "ugly on the inside" to a "sad, self-hating coward." ESPN, meanwhile, announced that McHenry would be suspended for a week. Certainly McHenry should have known better than to have used such words, even if that's what she was thinking, least of all because in our YouTube age, such missteps always come to light. But while McHenry's reaction could very well have been a result of an overblown sense of entitlement, evidence of a mean girl who never left high school, what's also troubling is how quickly and gleefully the rest of us issued blame on McHenry without fully knowing -- or, it seems, caring about -- the other side of the story. The video that was released -- by the tow company -- was heavily edited and included only McHenry's responses, not the comments of the employee who may have provoked her and contributed to an argument that clearly escalates as the video goes on. McHenry knew she was being taped; at one point, she looks directly at the camera. The employee even threatens to make the video public. Did McHenry keep going because she has that much of a self-destructive streak? Or because she truly could not help herself? Or was she confident that any video evidence would show that there were two people playing this particular game? How Britt McHenry could have responded . These days, there's nothing we love more than an example of a celebrity fall from grace, whether it's Lindsay Lohan or Brian Williams or Britt McHenry, who was judged not on the facts but on what we take particular joy in believing: that the over-privileged and semi-famous do not necessarily deserve a fair trial. The high price of public shaming online . Sure, McHenry probably feels entitled, but that's our doing, too. We're a society obsessed with putting celebrities on a pedestal -- celebrating them, compensating them. And yet when, in a moment of frustration and stress, McHenry lets the entitlement bestowed on her win out over taking a deep breath and walking away, we're right there to demand to know what gives her the nerve. You know what gives her the nerve? We do. (Be honest: When is the last time you had a warm and fuzzy experience at the tow lot?) But we're really no better than she is. The problem with social media, and our dependence on it, is that it allows people to present and receive whatever angle they want, biased or not, fair or not. It's the "power of the press" without the objectivity or accountability demanded of the actual press. And it has enabled a dangerous vigilantism that makes those who use that power no different from the ones they are supposedly rallying against. Think about it. Who was worse: McHenry or the people who made that video public, and who did so without owning up to their part in the conversation? Who is worse: Britt McHenry for childishly mocking a confrontational tow employee's bad teeth, or the Twitter masses who call for justice and "the return of class" -- who express views like, "Part of me feels bad for Britt McHenry. Poor thing actually believes she was hired for 'brains' and 'education'? Shouldn't they question whether, in fact, McHenry could have actually been standing up for herself? Sorry to break it to you, but these days, we're all bullies. At least Britt McHenry owns up to it.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Britt McHenry berates tow company employee in video.
McHenry quickly issued an apology, blaming the incident on a moment of frustration.
McHenry would be suspended for a week, ESPN announced.
McHenry's reaction could very well have been a result of an overblown sense of entitlement.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 302, Total accepted tokens: 302, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: London (CNN)Police said Thursday that there was no sign of forced entry to a building in a spectacular holiday weekend heist of safe deposit boxes in the heart of London's jewelry district. Detective Chief Inspector Paul Johnson of the London Metropolitan Police Flying Squad said the thieves appeared to have gained access to the vault of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd through the shaft of an elevator that is used by several businesses in the building. The thieves disabled the elevator on the second floor of the building -- which would be the same as the third floor in the United States -- then climbed down the elevator shaft into the basement, he said. Once there, he said, they used a drill to bore through a 6-foot-thick wall and gain access to the vault where the safe deposit boxes were. Johnson said he had no figure for the value of what was stolen. A former police official in London has speculated that the loss could run to 200 million pounds, or 300 million dollars, in a remark widely reported by news media. And numerous British news organizations put the value of the loss in the hundreds of thousands of pounds. But Johnson said police were still identifying the owners of the ransacked safe deposit boxes and trying to contact them to learn what had been lost. People with knowledge of the area have speculated that cash and jewels were probably taken. Some jewelry businesses reportedly stored some of their jewels in the boxes rather than leaving them in their stores over the holiday weekend. Johnson said the scene in the vault remained chaotic as police continued their forensic examination. He said the floor was covered with dust and littered with safe deposit boxes and power tools. Over the four-day Easter holiday, an unknown number of thieves broke into the vault and might have been able to take as much as four days to rifle through the boxes. WATCH: Top five jewelry heists . Johnson called the crime sophisticated and said there were a limited number of people in the UK capable of having pulled it off. He said had no idea whether the thieves were still in the country. Although there was no sign of forced entry to the building, the detective said, "whether that involves inside knowledge will form part of the investigation." Hatton Garden is a storied area in London and the heart of the city's diamond trade. The area's promotional website says it is home to "the largest and most concentrated cluster of jewellery retailers in the UK" and has been for quite some time. "History tells us that the old City of London had certain streets -- or quarters -- dedicated to specific types of business," the website says. "The Hatton Garden area has been the epicentre of London's jewellery trade since medieval times. "Today, it maintains its international reputation as the centre of London's diamond trade. It is one of the finest and most renowned jewellery locations in the world." How was $4.8 million in gold swiped from a North Carolina highway? The website of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. says the company was founded in 1954 and offers a "secure and cost-effective solution to store and protect important and irreplaceable personal belongings."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police: Thieves disabled elevator on second floor of building.
They used drill to bore through 6-foot-thick wall and gain access to vault.
Police are still trying to identify owners of ransacked safe deposit boxes.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 303, Total accepted tokens: 303, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Sawyer Sweeten grew up before the eyes of millions as a child star on the endearing family sitcom "Everybody Loves Raymond." Early Thursday he committed suicide, his sister Madylin Sweeten said in a statement. He was 19. "This morning a terrible family tragedy has occurred," Madylin Sweeten said in a statement passed on by her manager Dino May. "We are devastated to report that our beloved brother, son, and friend, Sawyer Sweeten, took his own life. He was weeks away from his 20th birthday.  At this sensitive time, our family requests privacy and we beg of you to reach out to the ones you love." Sweeten, best known for his role Geoffrey Barone, was visiting family in Texas, entertainment industry magazine Hollywood Reporter reported, where he is believed to have shot himself on the front porch. Sawyer Sweeten was born in May 1995 in Brownwood, Texas. He was a year and a half old when he started on "Raymond," playing next to his real-life twin brother Sullivan, who starred as Michael Barone, according to the website IMDb. Their sister, Madylin, played their TV sister Ally Barone. The show was about the adults, and the children, especially the twins, had bit parts, adorable cameo moments. In the beginning, they were too young to speak. The series developed a loyal following and ran from September 1996 through May 2005. According to his IMDb profile, Sawyer did not appear to take on acting roles after "Raymond" was discontinued. CNN's Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sawyer Sweeten, 19, was best known for his role as Geoffrey Barone on "Raymond"
Sweeten was visiting family in Texas, where he is believed to have shot himself.
Sweeten's sister says he was weeks away from his 20th birthday.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 304, Total accepted tokens: 304, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It's clear from Hillary Clinton's campaign rollout -- a video announcement/campaign ad/short film that debuted Sunday afternoon -- that she will make women and being a woman central to her outreach. In case you're skeptical, Vox has posted a handy "by the numbers" for her campaign video, and there are 38 people besides Clinton in the two-minute ad. Twenty of them are women. There are three separate mentions of motherhood. This is all fine and good (and predictable) if you acknowledge that the proportion of women who vote has exceeded the proportion of men who vote in every presidential election since 1980. And let's not overlook the fact that Clinton is in fact a woman, and that's a fine thing to celebrate. But in reality, she doesn't have to wonder if a woman-centered campaign is the best strategy. She can simply look back to the most recent elections to see that overplaying to one half of the eligible-voting population failed spectacularly all over the country, in red and blue states, when that strategy was employed by both male and female candidates. As I've previously written, the 2014 midterm elections saw the death of a political meme: the "war on women." Granted, that's not because Republicans convinced the country that they were the party of women. But it is noteworthy that Democrats who overtly pandered to women at the expense of real issues (and men) crashed and burned. To wit: . In Colorado, Sen. Mark Udall was nicknamed "Mark Uterus" for all the time he spent fear-mongering on women's reproductive issues, only to end up, according to exit polls, eight points ahead among women. His opponent, Cory Gardner, finished 17 points ahead among men. In New York, a Democratic candidate for Congress, Martha Robertson, drew laughs from the audience during a debate for accusing her opponent of engaging in a "war on women." To repeat, she was a woman, a Democrat, in New York. In Louisiana, Sen. Mary Landrieu sought to give her ailing campaign a boost in by part blaming sexism for Democrats' lack of popularity in the South. Not surprisingly, Southerners voted for her opponent, Bill Cassidy. In Texas, where liberal Wendy Davis ran almost entirely on an abortion-rights platform, she accused Republicans of sexism for daring to scrutinize her inaccurate biography. Her opponent, Greg Abbott, won by 20 points, and Davis only ended up with 47% of the women vote. Whether in Texas or Colorado, New York or Louisiana, voters made it clear they cared about more than just reproductive issues and weren't going to be bullied into voting Democratic by false cries of sexism. But while Democrats were screaming about the Republicans' "war on women," few in the media acknowledged that the Democrats' deficit among men was actually greater than the Republicans' deficit among women. Exit polls in 2014 showed that men voted for Republicans over Democrats by a 16-point margin, and women voted for Democrats by only a four-point margin. Regardless of whom Republicans run for president, Hillary Clinton will most likely get the women vote. What she needs are men. So instead of running a woman-centered campaign, she might want to figure out a way to court the other sex.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hillary Clinton's campaign video has 38 people in it, 20 of them women.
Clinton is a woman, and that's a fine thing to celebrate.
But in reality, she doesn't have to wonder if a woman-centered campaign is the best strategy.
She can simply look back to the most recent elections to see that overplaying to one half of the eligible-voting population failed spectacularly all over the country.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 305, Total accepted tokens: 305, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A dress worn by Vivien Leigh as she played Scarlett O'Hara in "Gone With the Wind" has fetched $137,000 at an auction. That's a pretty healthy profit for the collector who bought the outfit decades ago for a mere $20 as it was on the verge of being tossed out. The outfit, a gray two-piece ensemble, was sold at an auction in Beverly Hills, California, on Saturday, according to Heritage Auctions. It was the most sought after item among roughly 150 pieces of "Gone With the Wind" memorabilia on sale in the auction. They come from the huge collection amassed by James Tumblin, who used to work at Universal Studios. Tumblin said he came across the Scarlett O'Hara dress in the early 1960s while doing some research at a costume company. "I saw this dress on the floor and a docent told me not to bother to pick it up, because they were throwing it away," he said, according to The Telegraph. "I asked if he would sell it to me," he said. "I had noticed there was a printed label saying Selznick International Pictures and 'Scarlett production dress' was written in ink." From that savvy purchase, his "Gone With the Wind" collection snowballed. Other standout items include a straw hat worn by Leigh in a number of scenes in the movie and a gray wool suit worn by Clark Gable as his character, Rhett Butler, kicks down the door of Scarlett O'Hara's boudoir. The dress -- a jacket and full skirt ensemble -- was worn in several key scenes in the 1939 movie, including when Scarlett O'Hara encounters Butler and when she gets attacked in the shanty town. The outfit has suffered a little with age, however. When Leigh wore it in the movie, it was slate blue-gray. Over the years, it's faded to light gray. But that didn't deter the winning bidder on Saturday.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Vivien Leigh's "Gone With the Wind" dress sold at auction.
Outfit was worn by Leigh in 1939 movie.
Leigh's dress was on the verge of being tossed out.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 306, Total accepted tokens: 306, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN)Brazilian police have arrested the treasurer of the ruling Workers' Party, bringing the bribery investigation at the state-run oil company Petrobras a step closer to President Dilma Rousseff. Federal police arrested Joao Vaccari Neto at his home in Sao Paulo on Wednesday morning. Vaccari faces charges of corruption and money laundering as part of the broader probe into corruption at Petrobras. Former executives who have turned state's evidence claim that construction companies paid large sums under the table to Petrobras officials and politicians in order to secure lucrative contracts with the oil giant. Vaccari has denied any wrongdoing and recently told a congressional commission that all donations to his party were legal and were reviewed by electoral authorities. Vaccari is the closest political figure to Rousseff so far implicated in the investigation. Rousseff herself has not been implicated, although she was the chairwoman of Petrobras when much of the alleged corruption took place. Rousseff has insisted she supports the probe and has not in any way interfered with the investigation. Sources quoted in Brazilian media have said investigators are looking at whether some of the bribes went toward Rousseff's election campaigns. Anger over what has ballooned into a multi-million dollar corruption scandal has eroded Rousseff's approval rating and prompted hundreds of thousands of Brazilians to take to the streets in protest. On Sunday, about half a million people participated in demonstrations across the country. But turnout was smaller than a month earlier, when roughly one million people marched in protest, raising questions about how long the demonstrations can last.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Joao Vaccari faces charges of corruption and money laundering.
Vaccari is the closest political figure to Rousseff implicated in the probe.
Rousseff has insisted she supports the probe and has not in any way interfered.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 307, Total accepted tokens: 307, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Rome (CNN)Italian authorities said they had launched a "vast anti-terrorism operation" Friday, going after suspects associated with al Qaeda who had discussed a range of targets, including the Vatican. Some members of the terrorist cell had direct contact with al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden before his death in Pakistan in 2011, wiretaps showed, Italy's state-run ANSA news agency reported. And wiretaps and other intelligence revealed that the group planned to carry out terrorist attacks in Afghanistan and Pakistan as well as in Italy, according to Caligari Chief Prosecutor Mauro Mura. Some evidence indicated the Vatican was among the targets considered, police said. Talk of this took place March 2010, around the time a possible suicide bomber from Afghanistan entered Italy, Mura said. Police said, too, that some of the suspects were involved in a Pakistani market bombing in 2009 in which more than 300 people were killed and injured . The suspects had been under surveillance for years, some as far back as 2005, police said. On Friday, Italian State Police closed in, carrying out raids in seven provinces in what they called a first-of-its-kind operation. One of the raids targeted the alleged terrorist cell's headquarters on the island of Sardinia. The operation, which is still going on, is expected to result in the arrest of 18 people, most of them from Pakistan, said spokesman Paolo Meloni, who represents the police in Sassari, Sardinia, where the investigation is being coordinated. Some suspects had an abundance of weapons and moved cash around the world, police said. One was apprehended on a flight from Italy to Pakistan while carrying 55,000 euros, or nearly $60,000, police said. Meloni said the provinces in which the raids were being carried out included Frosinone and Macerata, which are in central Italy, as well as Bergamo, in the north. Some of those expected to be arrested are suspected of having been involved in the 2009 car bombing in Pakistan, Meloni said. In that bombing, in a bazaar in the northwestern Pakistani city of Peshawar, 137 people were killed and more than 200 were injured. Still other suspects are suspected of involvement in migrant trafficking, he said. Police said the group tried to recruit to its cause the migrants it transported. CNN's Hada Messia reported from Rome, CNN's Don Melvin reported and wrote from London and CNN's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Italian authorities launch "vast anti-terrorism operation"
Suspects had been under surveillance for years.
Police: Some suspects were involved in a Pakistani market bombing in 2009.
Police: Group tried to recruit migrants it transported.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 308, Total accepted tokens: 308, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Chile's Calbuco volcano erupted twice in 24 hours, the country's National Geology and Mining Service said early Thursday. The agency said it was evaluating the spectacular nighttime eruption, but indicated it was "stronger than the first one." About 23½ inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places, according to the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety. Authorities issued a red alert for the towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas in southern Chile. Both are popular tourist destinations. A 12-mile (20 kilometer) exclusion zone was established around the crater. Military and police forces were assisting with the evacuations of more than 4,400 residents, the Interior Ministry said. The first eruption on Wednesday set off a bit of a panic in the region. "At the beginning, it was small, and later, the cloud grew and later there was a huge cloud over you and true terror starts," said one Puerto Montt resident. Another person said: "It was impressive to see an enormous mushroom cloud, with the immense force of the volcano, and to see the ashes. At that point, there was a lot of panic, lots of chaos, traffic jams, people going to supermarkets, everyone looking for water, trying to take out money from the ATMs." The eruption is a first for many in the region. The last major eruption was 1962.  There was a minor eruption in 1972. Calbuco also belched out a bit of gas and smoke in 1996. Alejandro Verges, regional director at the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety, said Thursday afternoon that officials are concerned there might be a third eruption. "The situation is relatively calm right now, although people are understandably anxious about what could happen tonight," he said. CNN's Shasta Darlington and Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Red alert issued for southern Chile's Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas.
Volcano erupts twice in 24 hours.
About 23½ inches (60 centimeters) of ash fell in some places.
Eruption is a first for many in the region.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 309, Total accepted tokens: 309, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)Decision time for GOP operatives, another controversial foreign policy choice for President Obama, a ripple effect from the Robert Menendez indictment, and two insights into Hillary Clinton's campaign launch -- those stories filled our Sunday trip around the "Inside Politics" table. Obama's Iran diplomacy already has his conservative critics fired up, and things could get even more interesting in the week ahead. The President is headed to Panama for a regional summit, and Julie Pace of The Associated Press reports one of the big questions is whether he'll make history and have a face-to-face meeting with Cuban leader Raul Castro. "This would be the first meeting between a U.S. and a Cuban leader in decades," said Pace. "But Obama's efforts to end this freeze of Cuba have been a lot more difficult than they looked when he announced it last year," Pace said.  "And so what the White House is going to be weighing is whether this meeting would be a way to generate more progress or whether it would be a premature reward for the Castros." Hillary Clinton has leased her headquarters space in Brooklyn and will soon make her presidential campaign official. And with the launch, Jonathan Martin of The New York Times reports, will come a carefully orchestrated effort to reintroduce Clinton -- with an emphasis on her childhood and her earlier work on children's issues. "The Democrats around Hillary Clinton believe that while she's one of the most famous people in the world, she's never been properly introduced in her own right," said Martin. "So when she does roll out her campaign here in a couple of weeks, look for more biographical touches. We'll hear about her childhood in suburban Chicago and some of the work that she did as an advocate for the Legal Services Corporation and the Children's Defense Fund when she was in her 30s, and also, more about her Arkansas days as first lady, as an advocate for education." A lot of the big names signing on to Team Clinton are already known. But Dan Balz of The Washington Post explains part of the statement her campaign wants to make with the announcement is to show it has a large, experienced staff ready for the key national and state roles. "What I'm hearing is that when they launch, this staff is going to be even much, much bigger than we, at this point, imagine, that they have done a huge amount of hiring," said Balz. And Balz reports the planning centers on smaller events designed to highlight more personal interaction. "She did an event with the wife of the mayor of New York earlier this week that could be a template for the kinds of things they're doing." Much of the media attention on the corruption indictment against Democratic Sen. Robert Menendez of New Jersey has been on its allegations of luxury hotel stays with girlfriends. But beyond the more tabloidesque details, Jackie Kucinich of The Daily Beast notes that one of the charges centers on a suggestion the senator's staff was soliciting funds for a so-called super PAC -- a violation of campaign finance laws. And she says the scrutiny of that practice might grow because of the Menendez allegations. "I was talking to some campaign finance watchdogs this week and they say if the (Federal Election Commission) really starts to look into this, they're actually going to find some impropriety with other lawmakers much much farther than Menendez," said Kucinich. "So watch for that if it starts happening." By a week from Monday, there will be three official GOP candidates for president: Ted Cruz, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Others will soon follow, and as things get more official, pressure is mounting on GOP operatives to choose sides. In New Hampshire this past week, Matt Maroney, a former Mitt Romney alum with ground organizing experience, signed on with New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie's team. Others in the state reported calls coming in from Ohio Gov. John Kasich and, yes, even Donald Trump. This dynamic plays out on the national level, too: Republican pollster Tony Fabrizio, for example, was approached both by Team Christie and by allies of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker. In the end, though, Fabrizio signed on with Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, who makes his official announcement on Tuesday.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Obama's Iran diplomacy already has his conservative critics fired up.
President is headed to Panama for a regional summit.
Hillary Clinton has leased her headquarters space in Brooklyn.
Robert Menendez indictment centers on a suggestion senator's staff solicited funds for a super PAC.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 310, Total accepted tokens: 310, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: New York (CNN)Jake Tapper is the next anchor of CNN's Sunday morning political interview program "State of the Union." CNN announced Tapper's promotion on Friday morning. He will take over the program in June; he'll remain the channel's chief Washington correspondent and the anchor of the weekday afternoon newscast "The Lead." Among his peers, Tapper is seen as an authority on politics, something a program like "State of the Union" demands. He received rave reviews when he was the interim anchor of ABC's Sunday morning hour "This Week" in 2010. "I couldn't be more excited about this election season and the new platform I will have at CNN to cover it," Tapper said in a statement. "'State Of The Union' has a rich tradition and I hope to not only build on its history but expand the definition of what a Sunday show can be." Tapper thanked CNN Worldwide CEO Jeff Zucker "for the confidence he continues to show in me and to my colleagues at CNN for the incredible support on air and off that I've received since beginning this adventure two years ago." Tapper joined CNN from ABC in 2013 to anchor "The Lead." On "State of the Union," he succeeds Candy Crowley, who signed off the program last December. A rotation of fill-in hosts have been anchoring the program this year. Zucker announced Tapper's appointment on the network's editorial conference call on Friday morning. "I am thrilled that Jake will take on this additional role at such a pivotal time in the election cycle," Zucker said in a statement. "He has the perfect combination of skills that make him uniquely qualified -- he's a relentless reporter, a gifted storyteller, and a terrific interviewer who doesn't stop until he gets answers. We are lucky to have him on both 'The Lead' and 'State of the Union.'" Sunday political programs are among the most prestigious chairs at television networks. And changes are afoot: CBS is about to say goodbye to Bob Schieffer, the longtime moderator of "Face the Nation," who will be succeeded by John Dickerson in June. Additionally, NBC replaced David Gregory with Chuck Todd on the original Sunday public affairs program, "Meet the Press," last fall. With the anchor moves at the other networks, CNN may see an opportunity for what's known in the industry as share-shifting -- viewers switching networks and sampling the new anchors. With his new position, Tapper will become the second man to work weekdays and Sunday mornings. ABC's George Stephanopoulos is both a co-host of "Good Morning America" and the moderator of "This Week." There is precedent for this at CNN: for many years Wolf Blitzer anchored on the weekdays and led the Sunday morning program "Late Edition," the forerunner to "State of the Union."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN announces Jake Tapper as next anchor of "State of the Union"
Tapper will succeed Candy Crowley, who signed off the program last December.
Tapper will remain the channel's chief Washington correspondent.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 311, Total accepted tokens: 311, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Indiana Gov. Mike Pence issued an executive order Monday to extend a public health emergency in his state in response to a rampant HIV outbreak that first began in mid-December. As of Tuesday, there were 135 cases -- 129 confirmed, and six preliminary --  of HIV. The increase has been linked to injection drug use, primarily of the prescription opioid opana. Pence issued an order in March for Scott County, which then had 79 confirmed cases of HIV since mid-December. The county normally averages about five new cases a year. "Scott County is facing an epidemic of HIV. But this is not a Scott County problem -- this is an Indiana problem," Pence said in March. Officials expect more cases as more individuals are tested, particularly because it can take up to three months for HIV to appear in a person's system after initial infection. The emergency order was first issued last month and set to expire Friday, but now will be in place until May 24. It calls on multiple state agencies to coordinate a response to the unprecedented outbreak and provides additional resources. Law enforcement, emergency agencies and health officials are working together. Most notably, a temporary needle exchange program that began April 4. As of Tuesday, more than 4,300 clean syringes had been distributed and more than 3,100 used needles had been turned in, according to the Indiana Department of Health. A team from the CDC Division of HIV/AIDS Prevention was working on site with state and local officials. In extending the public health emergency declaration, the governor said: "While we've made progress in identifying and treating those affected by this heartbreaking epidemic, the public health emergency continues and so must our efforts to fight it."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Emergency order extends until May 24.
NEW: Emergency order calls for additional resources.
NEW: Emergency order extends until May 24.
NEW: Emergency order calls for additional resources.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 312, Total accepted tokens: 312, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Ahmed Farouq didn't have the prestige of fellow al Qaeda figure Osama bin Laden, the influence of Anwar al-Awlaki, or the notoriety of Adam Gadahn. Still, he was a big deal. That's the assessment of multiple sources on a man who may not have been well-known in the West, but nonetheless had a special role in the terrorist group. Farouq -- an American -- died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January, according to the White House. Two al Qaeda hostages, Warren Weinstein of the United States and Giovanni Lo Porto from Italy, were killed in the same strike, while Gadahn died in another U.S. operation that month. Before that, Farouq was the deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent, or AQIS, a branch of the Islamist extremist group that formed in recent years. The branch made its presence known in September 2014, when militants infiltrated Pakistan's navy and tried to hijack one of its ships, according to the SITE Institute, which monitors terror groups. The group's spokesman, Usama Mahmoud, on Twitter compared the Pakistani naval officers involved in the attempted hijacking to Nidal Hasan, SITE reported. Hasan is the U.S. Army psychiatrist sentenced to death for killing 13 people at Fort Hood, Texas. Osama Mehmood, a spokesman for al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent, said that Farouq and another top figure, Qari Abdullah Mansur, were killed in a January 15 drone strike in Pakistan's Shawal Valley. They were senior al Qaeda leaders, according to Mehmood. American mouthpiece for al Qaeda killed . CNN's Sophia Saifi contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ahmed Farouq was the deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent.
He was killed in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January.
Farouq was a big deal, according to multiple sources.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 313, Total accepted tokens: 313, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Every morning, Sissa Abu Dahou puts on traditional male dress, known as a jalabiya, and heads into the streets of the Egyptian city of Luxor for a day of hard work. But this man of the house is actually a woman. The grandmother of two has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression and eek out a living in the conservative Muslim state. "Why did you do this mother?" her daughter asked during a recorded interview with Egyptian television network CBC. "Your father died and I was six months pregnant with you." she replied. "None of my siblings helped me. I raised you and sent you to school. Without money I could not have gotten you an education." A widow at just 21, Dahou was forced to fend for herself in Egypt's patriarchal south, where decades ago it was unheard of for women to earn their own living. Even in recent years, women make up barely 24% of Egypt's workforce, according to the World Bank. "It is considered wrong that I dressed as a man but no one can judge. Not you or anyone else. Only God can judge me," Dahou said, "People talked but I said I decided to be a man so I can take care of my small daughter." The breadwinner worked as a brick maker for just 25 piasters, the equivalent of a few cents, until she saved up enough money to buy a shoeshine kit.  She found a place for her wooden box, painted with red hearts and the Egyptian flag, alongside the all-male shoe shiners of her community. "If it wasn't for my mother, I would have been on the streets" Houda, her daughter, told TV host Mona al-Shazly through tears. "Honestly I would have been in the streets. I did not find a home except with my mother. And even today my children rely on her." The years of sun and sand weathered and darkened Dahou's face and left her with a voice so deep and raspy she can easily be mistaken for a man. Her only child, Houda, eventually married and had two children of her own. Through the years the one-time housewife dreamed of owning her own business one day, a small street stand to sell snacks and cigarettes.  After her interview on CBC television, the governor of Luxor province offered Dahou a kiosk and a cash advance. The maverick had one requirement- she would only agree to meet with the governor in male attire. "Even if I die, I will not take it off," Dahou said as she pulled on the male jalabiya in front of a TV camera, "When I had to dress in a woman's jalabiya when I went to Cairo I felt suffocated. No, I thank God. I don't want anyone to look at me or look at my daughter." Now the 65-year-old who earned respect as a man has gained praise as a woman. Egypt's President, Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, crowned her as one of Egypt's ideal mothers in an official ceremony last month. "If I was really a man, I would not have done this," Dahou told her daughter, "I would have gotten remarried. I would have left you who knows where. You would have been treated without dignity or left homeless. Thank God I was able to protect you."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Egyptian woman has dressed as a man for 43 years to avoid oppression.
She worked as a brick maker for just 25 piasters, the equivalent of a few cents.
She found a place for her wooden box, painted with red hearts and the Egyptian flag.
Egypt's President crowned her as one of Egypt's ideal mothers last month.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.82
Total generated tokens: 314, Total accepted tokens: 314, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Emergency operators get lots of crazy calls, but few start like this. Caller:  "Hello, I'm trapped in this plane and I called my job, but I'm in this plane." Operator:  "You're where?" Caller:  "I'm inside a plane and I feel like it's up moving in the air.  Flight 448 can you please tell somebody (to) stop it." The frantic 911 call came just as the Alaska Airlines flight had taken off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Monday afternoon.  The caller was a ramp agent who fell asleep in the plane's cargo hold. The cell phone call soon broke up, but the man was making himself known in other ways as the crew and passengers reported unusual banging from the belly of the Boeing 737. The pilot radioed air traffic control and said he would make an emergency landing. "There could be a person in there so we're going to come back around," he told air traffic control. The ramp agent who took the untimely nap and caused all the fuss is an employee of Menzies Aviation, a contractor for Alaska Airlines that handles loading the luggage. He'll no longer have the option of dozing aboard one of the airline's planes. "The Menzies employee has been permanently banned from working on Alaska Airlines planes," said Bobbie Egan, a spokeswoman for the airline. Flight 448, which was on its way to Los Angeles, only spent 14 minutes in the air. Other than being scared, the agent never was in any real danger. The cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled, the airline said. The passengers knew something wasn't right, almost as soon as the plane took off. "All of a sudden we heard all this pounding underneath the plane and we thought there was something wrong with the landing gear," Robert Higgins told CNN affiliate KABC. Not everyone heard the banging, but it was soon clear this wasn't a normal flight. "We just took off for L.A. regular and then ... about five minutes into the flight the captain came on and said we were going back and we'd land within five to seven minutes, and we did," passenger Marty Collins told affiliate KOMO. "When we landed was when all the trucks and the police and the fire trucks surrounded the plane." "I think it's scary and really unsafe, too," Chelsie Nieto told affiliate KCPQ. "Because what if it's someone who could have been a terrorist?" The employee started work at 5 a.m. and his shift was scheduled to end at 2:30 p.m., just before the flight departed. The agent was off the two days prior to the incident and had taken a lunch break and a break in the afternoon before making his way into the cargo hold, according to a source familiar with the investigation. The man had been on a four-person team loading baggage onto the flight. "During a pre-departure huddle, the team lead noticed the employee was missing. The team lead called into the cargo hold for the employee and called and texted the employee's cell phone, but did not receive an answer. His co-workers believed he finished his shift and went home," the airline's blog said. It's believed he was hidden by luggage, making it difficult for the rest of his team to see him, the source said. All ramp employees have security badges, and undergo full criminal background checks before being hired, according to the airline. After the delay, the flight with 170 passengers and six crew members on board made it to Los Angeles a couple of hours late. CNN's Dave Alsup, Joshua Gaynor and Greg Morrison contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Alaska Airlines flight 448 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport.
Man fell asleep in cargo hold and called 911.
Man was crew member who was loading luggage onto plane.
Man was hidden by luggage, source says.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 315, Total accepted tokens: 315, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The Dark Knight returns... again. "The Dark Knight Returns," published in 1986, is widely credited for resurrecting Batman in pop culture, something we've seen referenced in everything from 1989's "Batman" to the "Dark Knight" trilogy and the upcoming "Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice." Now popular comic book writer Frank Miller is returning to his best-known story. DC Comics (a Time Warner company, like CNN) announced Friday the final chapter in his "The Dark Knight Returns" trilogy, in the form of "The Dark Knight III: The Master Race" ("The Dark Knight Strikes Again" was released in 2001). This third chapter in the grim saga will be released sometime in the fall. "Batman remains my favorite comic book hero and a sequel to Dark Knight is going to be daunting," said Miller in a press release, "but we'll do our best." Miller will be joined by acclaimed artist Brian Azzarello.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "The Dark Knight Returns" is widely credited for resurrecting Batman in pop culture.
DC Comics announced Friday the final chapter in Miller's "The Dark Knight Returns" trilogy.
This third chapter in the grim saga will be released sometime in the fall.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 316, Total accepted tokens: 316, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The United States is urging China to release five young feminists who face years in prison over their campaign for gender equality. Authorities detained the women in three cities -- Beijing, Guangzhou and Hangzhou -- a few days ahead of events planned for International Women's Day on March 8. "Each and every one of us has the right to speak out against sexual harassment and the many other injustices that millions of women and girls suffer around the world," U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement Friday. "We strongly support the efforts of these activists to make progress on these challenging issues, and we believe that Chinese authorities should also support them, not silence them." The detention of Wei Tingting, along with Wu Rongrong, Li Tingting, Wang Man and Zheng Churan has drawn harsh criticism from the international community. Protesters in several cities have called for their release and taken to social media with the phrase "free the five" as a hashtag. Wang Qiushi, the lawyer for Wei, said police recommended Monday that prosecutors press charges of "assembling a crowd to disturb public order." Prosecutors have seven days -- until Monday --  to decide whether to pursue the charges, according to the lawyer. "We can do nothing but wait," Wang said. The five were initially held on suspicion of "picking quarrels and provoking trouble." Wang said he didn't know why the charge against the women changed. "Neither should constitute a crime," he said. Campaign group Amnesty International said the new charge was less serious but still carried a maximum prison term of five years. "The women were doing nothing wrong, nothing illegal. They were simply calling for an end to sexual harassment," said William Nee, China researcher at Amnesty International. Wang said that Wei was subjected to lengthy cross examinations during her detention. Two of the women are said to be in poor health. He added that the charges relate both to the activities the women planned for International Women's Day and earlier campaigns against domestic violence. The five are members of China's Women's Rights Action Group. They had planned to hand out stickers with slogans saying "stop sexual harassment, let us stay safe" and "go police, go arrest those who committed sexual harassment!" on International Women's Day. This week, Kerry's predecessor, Hillary Clinton, tweeted that the activists' detention was "inexcusable." Chinese authorities rebuked her comment, saying public figures should respect the nation's sovereignty and independence. CNN's Katie Hunt and Shen Lu contributed to this report .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry: "We strongly support the efforts"
Women were detained a few days ahead of International Women's Day.
Women were initially held on suspicion of "picking quarrels and provoking trouble"
Women were members of China's Women's Rights Action Group.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 317, Total accepted tokens: 317, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sanaa, Yemen  (CNN)Saudi airstrikes over Yemen have resumed once again, two days after Saudi Arabia announced the end of its air campaign. The airstrikes Thursday targeted rebel Houthi militant positions in three parts of Sanaa, two Yemeni Defense Ministry officials said. The attacks lasted four hours. The strikes caused no casualties, but did destroy all three military compounds that were targeted, the officials said. They said Saudi airstrikes were also targeting Houthi positions in Lahj province. On Tuesday, Saudi Arabia announced the end of its Operation Decisive Storm, a nearly month-long air campaign against Houthi positions. The Saudi-led coalition said a new initiative was underway, Operation Renewal of Hope, focused on the political process. But less than 24 hours later, after rebel forces attacked a Yemeni military brigade, the airstrikes resumed, security sources in Taiz said. Five airstrikes targeted a weapons depot in the province late Wednesday, two Taiz security officials said. They said explosions lasted for about 40 minutes. Saudi Arabia and its coalition partners started pounding Houthi positions across Yemen starting on March 26, hoping to wipe out the Iranian-allied rebel group that overthrew the Yemeni government and seized power. The Saudis say they want to restore the Yemeni government -- a key U.S. ally in the fight against al Qaeda -- which was kicked out of the capital by the rebels earlier this year. This month, Saudi officials said airstrikes have degraded Houthi-controlled military infrastructure, including key buildings in Sanaa. The campaign achieved its objectives "by a very good planning, very precise execution, by the courage of our pilots, our sailors, our soldiers," said Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri, a Saudi military spokesman. A senior Saudi official told CNN that the Houthis agreed to "nearly all demands" of the U.N. Security Council. A statement from the Saudi Embassy in Washington outlined objectives of the next phase of operations, including protecting civilians, enhancing humanitarian and medical assistance, confronting terrorism and creating an international coalition to provide maritime security. Ground troops will continue to protect the border and confront any attempts to destabilize the situation, Asiri said. Military action will be taken if needed. Houthi leader: 'Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming' On Wednesday, Houthis released Yemeni Defense Minister Mahmoud al-Subaihi in Sanaa, a senior Saudi source said on the condition of anonymity. The Houthis had said they detained the defense minister at an air base near the Yemeni port city of Aden on March 26, shortly before the Saudis began their airstrike campaign. The rebels had captured the base that day as part of an advance on the Aden area. The United Nations demanded al-Subaihi's release earlier this month. But beyond the military campaign, the Saudis and their allies have said they want to find a political solution for the violence-plagued nation. President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, who says he's Yemen's legitimate leader, thanked the Saudi-led coalition. He is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to his country. "We promise to restructure the Yemen military to ensure that it serves the people of Yemen," Hadi said, calling on the Houthis to withdraw, and saying that he would return to Yemen at "the right time" to rebuild the country. "You will witness many changes in the days to come in our mission to build an institutional government and military, far from rebel militancy." Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen? Hakim Almasmari reported from Sanaa; Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Mohammed Tawfeeq, Salim Essaid, Nic Robertson and Josh Levs contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Saudi airstrikes resume after end of air campaign against Houthi positions.
Saudi-led coalition says airstrikes are part of Operation Renewal of Hope.
Rebel forces attack a Yemeni military brigade, security officials say.
Houthi leader: 'Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming'
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 318, Total accepted tokens: 318, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)You can call him... Joker. We've seen a few teases so far, but on Friday night, director David Ayer gave us the first full look at Jared Leto as the Joker. The Clown Prince of Crime will appear in 2016's "Suicide Squad," the first movie featuring the best-known comic book villain, where (as far as we know anyway), there is no Batman present. The Oscar winner cut his hair and shaved his face for the role, and appears to have embraced it fully. He will be the first actor to play the character on the big screen since the late Heath Ledger. "Suicide Squad" also stars Will Smith, Margot Robbie and a large cast of villains and anti-heroes. (Warner Bros. Pictures and DC Entertainment -- makers of "Suicide Squad" -- are owned by Time Warner, as is CNN.) The movie hits theaters August 5, 2016.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Suicide Squad" will be the first movie to feature the Joker on the big screen.
The Oscar winner Jared Leto will play the character in the film.
The movie hits theaters August 5, 2016.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 319, Total accepted tokens: 319, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)In baseball, there's a traditional comeback after a tough season: "Wait 'til next year!" For climate change "next year" is now. This year is the time and the United Nations' international climate negotiations in Paris in December are the place to secure strong global agreement to curb heat-trapping emissions. A successful climate pact will send a signal around the world that a shift to a low-carbon economy is underway. The United States has made clear that it is ready to step up to the plate on climate change. The U.S. administration on Tuesday unveiled details about its proposal to reduce U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by 26% to 28% below 2005 levels by 2025.  This common-sense and achievable plan to decarbonize the U.S. economy will result in significant cost savings from cleaner technologies and create more American energy jobs to power our homes and businesses. This is an area where the United States needs to lead, and doing so will create a better planet for our children and a more prosperous future for our country. The United States isn't alone in this global climate effort. In a landmark joint announcement with the United States in November, China unveiled its intent to peak its carbon emissions around 2030 and to double its share of zero-carbon energy to 20%. This shift will require substantial effort from China to retool its economy, increase investment in renewable energy and divest from coal. As the world's No. 1 investor in renewable energy, China has already taken important steps forward. At the same time, India has set the audacious goal of installing 100 gigawatts of solar power capacity by 2022, a 30-fold increase from current levels and eight times more solar capacity than the United States has today. Cities and corporations are joining in as well. More than 200 cities, home to 436 million people, have voluntarily committed to saving 13 gigatons of greenhouse gas emissions by midcentury. And more than a thousand companies, along with 73 countries, voiced support for putting a price on carbon and moving to cleaner energy technologies. Leading companies, like Apple and Google, are making major bets on renewable energy. And another 25 businesses have signed onto the Corporate Renewable Energy Buyers' Principles—these companies represent energy demand equal to more than 1 million homes. Increasing examples demonstrate that strong climate action can be good for the economy. For instance, renewable sources now provide one-fifth of the world's electricity, while solar manufacturing costs have dropped 80% in the last seven years. Wind turbines installed now are 100 times better at generating power than turbines were 30 years ago. Clean technology investments surged to $310 billion last year. In the United States, carbon emissions fell by 10% from 2007 to 2013, the largest absolute emissions reduction recorded, even as the United States has recovered from the Great Recession. Many of these shifts are unprecedented and could not have been anticipated even five years ago. Yet these trends alone are not enough to counter the mounting climate-related impacts that we are already seeing. A global climate agreement in Paris this December can send more signals to markets and drive more ambitious climate action for decades to come. A Paris agreement would represent a new form of international cooperation and a fundamental change in the global approach to climate action — a shift from burden-sharing to the creation of mutual opportunities; from cost to investment; from economic threat to a spur to economic development. With the United States showing the way, and with cooperation from other countries, businesses, investors, cities and citizens, we can achieve a prosperous and secure future for all. Each year, baseball returns and hope springs eternal. Now, it's time for all countries to get in the game.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: U.S. unveils plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 26% to 28% below 2005 levels by 2025.
U.S. is ready to step up to the plate on climate change, says White House.
Paris climate negotiations in December will be place to secure strong global agreement.
U.S. is showing the way, and with cooperation from other countries, businesses, investors, cities and citizens, we can achieve a prosperous and secure future for all.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 320, Total accepted tokens: 320, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tokyo (CNN)A week after a Japanese court issued a landmark injunction halting plans to restart two nuclear reactors in a western prefecture, a different court has rejected a petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors in the country's southwest. Kagoshima District Court found no "irrationalities" in new safety standards set out by the government in the wake of the 2011 Fukushima meltdowns, Japanese news agency Kyodo reported. By dismissing resident's demands, the court ruled that the Sendai nuclear power plant in Kagoshima could restart. The first of two reactors is scheduled to go back online in July. The ruling could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring Japanese nuclear reactors back into operation, more than four years since the earthquake and subsequent tsunami that caused the failure at TEPCO's Fukushima plant. The original court ruling, which affects the Takahama plant in Fukui Prefecture, cited safety concerns as the reason for the injunction, a court official told CNN. Japan's nuclear watchdog, the Nuclear Regulation Authority, had previously given a green light to the reopening of reactors 3 and 4 of the Kansai Electric Power Company's plant. But locals successfully petitioned the court in Fukui, raising concerns about whether the reactors would survive a strong earthquake. Japan's 48 nuclear reactors are offline in the wake of the Fukushima disaster in 2011, when a tsunami triggered by a massive earthquake sent a wall of water crashing into the power plant. Since then, the island nation has imported greater amounts of expensive natural gas and coal to meet its energy needs. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has pushed for a return to nuclear energy, arguing it is essential to the country's economic recovery to reduce the skyrocketing utility bills associated with energy imports. But opinion polls have consistently shown public opposition to a nuclear restart. Keith Henry, managing director of Tokyo-based Asia Strategy, which advises businesses on Japanese public policy issues, says the decision will force Abe to rethink the economics of his energy policy. "That was a body blow (for Abe) because it's no longer a political issue, it's a legal issue. It changes the calculus and the dynamics," he said. "It's now in the courts. And the government is powerless to do anything about it." READ MORE: Power company abandons robot stranded inside Fukushima plant . Anti-nuclear activists celebrated following the Fukui District Court's decision in their favor Tuesday. The nuclear plant operator had argued in court that the plant was safe, meeting heightened safety regulations introduced by the nuclear watchdog following the Fukushima disaster. It said in a statement that "scientific and professional findings" showed that the safety of the reactors was assured. But the court ruled that the new safety standards were "loose," lacked rationality and could not guarantee the safety of the plant, an official said. The power company said it would appeal the decision. "We deeply regret that our assertion was not well comprehended, and cannot accept it at all," it said in a statement. Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters Tuesday that the country's nuclear watchdog had deemed the plant safe according to the "world's strictest" safety standards. The government had no intention to change course on its planned nuclear restart, he said. Takahama was one of two nuclear facilities granted approval to resume operations. Sendai nuclear power plant in Kagoshima Prefecture has been granted approval to reopen by the prefecture's governor, although local residents are seeking to challenge this in court. Analyst Henry said the renewable energy sector could benefit from the Takahama decision, as the country weighed solar and hydro power as alternatives. Prior to the Fukushima disaster, about 30% of Japan's energy was nuclear generated. CNN's Junko Ogura contributed to this report from Tokyo.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Court rejects petition by residents to delay the reactivation of reactors.
NEW: Court finds no "irrationalities" in new safety standards set out by the government.
NEW: Court ruled that the Sendai nuclear power plant in Kagoshima could restart.
NEW: Decision could provide a fillip to the government's plans to bring Japanese nuclear reactors back into operation.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 321, Total accepted tokens: 321, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Georgia Southern University was in mourning Thursday after five nursing students were killed the day before in a multivehicle wreck near Savannah. Caitlyn Baggett, Morgan Bass, Emily Clark, Abbie Deloach and Catherine (McKay) Pittman -- all juniors -- were killed in the  Wednesday morning crash as they were traveling to a hospital in Savannah, according to the school website. Fellow nursing students Brittney McDaniel and Megan Richards were injured as was another person, who was not identified by the Georgia State Patrol. The young women were on their way to finish their first set of clinical rotations. "Today should have been a day of celebration for this bright group of students," at St. Joseph's/Candler hospital said in a Facebook posting. "It was their last day of clinical rotations ... in their first year of nursing school." Clinicals include hands-on instruction at a health care facility. A post commander for the Georgia State Patrol said a tractor-trailer smashed into an eastbound line of cars that had slowed for a prior accident on Interstate 16. "He came along from behind them and he just did not stop for those cars," Sgt. Chris Nease said. There were four passenger vehicles and three tractor-trailers involved in the 5:45 a.m. accident. The women who were killed were in two cars, a Toyota Corolla and a Ford Escape. One of their vehicles caught on fire, Nease said, but it will take an investigation to determine whether the women died on impact. CNN Savannah affiliate WTOC reported one witness tried to help. "Right about the time I got here, the car was just about catching on fire," Cayne Monroe told the station. "The car just burned up really quickly. And I run up there, but there was nothing anyone could do. I've never witnessed something like that in my life. It was pretty tragic." The state patrol said the truck driver is from Louisiana. The 55-year-old man had not been charged as of Thursday evening, Nease told CNN. "Every one of our students contributes in no small measure to the Eagle Nation," university President Brooks A. Keel said in a statement. "The loss of any student, especially in a tragic way, is particularly painful. Losing five students is almost incomprehensible." Georgia Southern flew flags at half-staff and counseling was offered to students. A campuswide vigil was held Thursday night. On the university's Twitter page, a tear was added to the profile logo of the eagle mascot. The school has a student body of about 20,000 and is in Statesboro, about 60 miles from Savannah. "You could tell that they really loved what they did," Sherry Danello, vice president of patient care services and chief nursing officer at St. Joseph's/Candler, said on the hospital's Facebook posting. "They didn't just go through the task, they really connected to the patients." Luke Bryan, a country music star and school alumnus, tweeted his condolences: "Praying for everyone at Georgia Southern and the families who lost loved ones." CNN's Matthew Stucker contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Five Georgia Southern University nursing students killed in crash.
Brittney McDaniel, Megan Richards injured.
Witness says car caught on fire; no one could help.
Truck driver is from Louisiana, Georgia State Patrol says.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 322, Total accepted tokens: 322, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A mysterious affliction has killed as many as 18 people in southwestern Nigeria, leaving health officials scrambling to determine its cause. The cases have all occurred in Nigeria's Ondo state since April 13, health officials said Sunday. Dr. Dayo Adeyanju, Ondo's state commissioner for health, said 18 people have died and five people are being treated.  Those affected are between the ages of 25 and 60.  The disease does not appear to be contagious, he said. Symptoms include headaches, blurred vision, loss of sight and unconsciousness, Adeyanju said. Some suspect it may be the result of locally brewed alcohol. The World Health Organization, earlier Sunday, reported at least 13 people were killed and that there were 18 total cases. Those numbers were reported by Adeyanju released somewhat different totals. Investigators sent samples of blood, urine and spinal fluid to a university in the city of Lagos for tests, which ruled out infections from viruses or bacteria, the WHO said. Doctors plan to carry out toxicological tests on one of the victims who died in a hospital, WHO spokesman Tarik Jasarevic said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: 18 people have died in Nigeria's Ondo state since April 13.
Symptoms include headaches, blurred vision, loss of sight and unconsciousness.
WHO reports at least 13 people were killed and 18 total cases.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 323, Total accepted tokens: 323, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Larry Johnson remembers the fear and feeling of helplessness from being on the SkyWest Airlines flight that made an emergency landing in Buffalo, New York. "I thought we were done," he said Thursday, one day later. "There was no doubt in my mind that we weren't going to land." Johnson was flying with his brother, his girlfriend and his 8-month-old son when he says a flight attendant came over the speaker asking for someone who was medically trained to help with a sick passenger. Minutes later, Johnson says, the attendant announced there was a pressurization problem and told passengers to prepare for the emergency landing. "You're going to feel dizzy and woozy and lightheaded, and you're not going to be able to breathe," Johnson recalled the flight attendant saying. The Federal Aviation Administration on Wednesday initially reported a pressurization problem with SkyWest Flight 5622, and said it would investigate. It later issued a statement that did not reference any pressurization issues. "It was like being trapped and you couldn't do anything. You have no control over it. Your body just felt pressured," Johnson said. Johnson said his girlfriend was seeing spots and that "when I was blinking, it was really bright. I could barely see." According to Marissa Snow, spokeswoman for SkyWest, three passengers reported a loss of consciousness while on the flight. Fifteen passengers were examined by medical personnel at the Buffalo airport, but no one was transported to the hospital, she said. The spokeswoman said that maintenance personnel found no indication of a pressurization problem with the aircraft, an Embraer E170, and that the airline continues to investigate the cause. An official with the National Transportation Safety Board told CNN that the agency is in communication with the FAA and SkyWest to gather information on the incident to better understand what took place. Mary Cunningham was the nurse on board who attended to the first sick passenger. "There was a woman, very lethargic, very nauseous, turning gray, just not looking good," Cunningham said. After administering oxygen to the woman, Cunningham, a nurse at Yale-New Haven Hospital in Connecticut, returned to her seat. Soon after, Cunningham said, she was called up again by the flight attendant after another women near the first started to lose consciousness. "It was something that was affecting oxygen in that area," which was near the middle of the plane, she said. Cunningham said she had to return to her seat after feeling lightheaded. There were 84 passengers on board the plane, including nine crew members. Flight 5622 was originally scheduled to fly from Chicago to Hartford, Connecticut. The plane descended 28,000 feet in three minutes. "It would feel like a roller coaster -- when you're coming over the top and you're going down," CNN aviation analyst Mary Schiavo said, describing how such a descent would feel. "You know that these pilots knew they were in a very grave and very serious situation." Johnson, flying to visit his parents with their only grandchild, was glad that roller coaster ride ended safely. "It was a shaky ride. It wasn't anything I would like to experience again," he said. CNN's Jean Casarez, Josh Gaynor, Dana Ford and Stephanie Gallman contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: FAA says no pressurization problem with plane.
NEW: Flight attendant says passengers to prepare for emergency landing.
NEW: Flight attendant says woman near first passenger lost consciousness.
NEW: Flight attendant says second woman near first lost consciousness.
NEW: Flight attendant says third woman near first lost consciousness.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 324, Total accepted tokens: 324, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It didn't seem like a fair fight. On one side were hulking football players and pro wrestlers, competing as teams of two to eat as many pounds of steak as they could, combined, in one hour. On another was a lone 124-pound mother of four. And sure enough, in the end, Sunday's contest at Big Texan Steak Ranch in Amarillo, Texas, wasn't even close. Molly Schuyler scarfed down three 72-ounce steaks, three baked potatoes, three side salads, three rolls and three shrimp cocktails -- far outpacing her heftier rivals. That's more than 13 pounds of steak, not counting the sides. And she did it all in 20 minutes, setting a record in the process. "We've been doing this contest since 1960, and in all that time we've never had anybody come in to actually eat that many steaks at one time," Bobby Lee, who co-owns the Big Texan, told CNN affiliate KVII. "So this is a first for us, and after 55 years of it, it's a big deal." In fairness, Schuyler isn't your typical 124-pound person. The Nebraska native, 35, is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit and once gobbled 363 chicken wings in 30 minutes. Wearing shades and a black hoodie, Schuyler beat four other teams on Sunday, including pairs of football players and pro wrestlers and two married competitive eaters. She also broke her own Big Texan record of two 72-ounce steaks and sides, set last year, when she bested previous record-holder Joey "Jaws" Chestnut. The landmark Big Texan restaurant offers its "72-ounce Challenge" daily to anyone who can eat the massive steak, plus fixings, in under an hour. Those who can't do so must pay $72 for the meal. Schuyler, who now lives in Sacramento, California, won $5,000 for her efforts. Her feat will be submitted to Guinness World Records. But mostly, she just seemed pleased to enjoy a hearty meal on the house. "It's free, so I'm pretty happy about that," she told KVII. "Otherwise it would have cost me about 300 bucks."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Molly Schuyler sets new Big Texan Steak Ranch record in 20 minutes.
Schuyler, 35, is a professional on the competitive-eating circuit.
Schuyler won $5,000 for her efforts.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 325, Total accepted tokens: 325, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)We belong to different generations and political parties. We live in different states and under different circumstances. One of us is a college student, born into a political family, while the other is a former congressman from South Carolina and father of five children. One of us served on the selection committee for the John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Award. The other will receive this award in recognition of the stand he took when he broke with his party and sacrificed his political career to support responsible action to combat climate change. We share an unwavering belief that the United States must lead the world on climate change and seize opportunities for unity, growth and progress. We believe that President Kennedy's courageous leadership in space exploration holds lessons that can help guide us forward. In 1962, President Kennedy, speaking at Rice University, described the space program that he had first announced when he asked the Congress to support his ambitious goal of landing a man on the moon before the end of the decade. Opening his speech, Kennedy stated simply the effect of man's scientific pursuit:  "The greater our knowledge increases, the greater our ignorance unfolds." This curious paradox holds true today. Our knowledge of the causes and dangers of climate change has increased even as our ignorance of its ramifications has unfolded. Many of our elected representatives persist in inaction and complacency by arguing that individual nations are powerless to solve the problem because every nation is culpable. Others choose to dispute the science, deny the evidence, and avoid the question of how to solve the problem. But climate change is only scary if we choose to sit, wait and do nothing about it. President Kennedy encountered the same dilemma:  "It is not surprising that some would have us stay where we are a little longer to rest, to wait. But ... this country of the United States was not built by those who waited and rested and wished to look behind them." We need not be frightened today. Climate change is a chance for all of us to add a chapter to the story of American triumph and human progress. It is a moment for this generation to display the very qualities we attribute to the American political heroes of earlier times, who left the world a better place for us. Courage of this scale will come from a people who are told that they can do great things by leaders who believe that their people are capable of great things.  We believe that America will see opportunity in the danger of climate change just like we saw benefits on Earth from travel in space. Kennedy told the crowd at Rice that the pursuit of a goal that seemed impossible was valuable precisely because it would be so hard to accomplish. "We choose to go to the moon not because it is easy but because it is hard," he said. Something so difficult would only be achieved through cooperation and national unity, and it would push us toward greatness. There will always be reasons for inaction. Many will argue that responsible reforms will hurt our economy as it recovers from the Great Recession. They will exploit the fears of that time to justify extracting rents from industries and fuels whose days are numbered. Progress on climate change will require courage. Some leaders who stand up to meet the challenge may fall, but they can be sure that their sacrifice will light the world with more energy, more mobility and more freedom and ensure a healthier planet. We can start by making straightforward changes in the tax code that are acceptable to both the right and the left. By adopting policies that would make it in our trading partners' interest to join us, meaningful reforms can provide solutions without making government any bigger. As Americans, we are obligated to leave the world a better place than we found it. We believe, just as President Kennedy did, that only if America leads on the most important issues of our time can we deliver on that promise. We call on our elected leaders to embrace the climate challenge before us and light a path to greatness once again.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: President Kennedy's speech at Rice University in 1962.
Kennedy said that man's pursuit of knowledge increases ignorance.
Kennedy said that the pursuit of a goal that seemed impossible was valuable.
We believe that America will see opportunity in the danger of climate change.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 326, Total accepted tokens: 326, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The FBI is investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States, law enforcement officials said Saturday. The investigation originated from intercepted chatter and other intelligence information that led officials to believe a possible plot could be in the works, the officials said. No arrests have been made. It's not clear whether the threat is real or aspirational. The exact nature of the threat couldn't be learned. One official said it focused on parts of California where officials stepped up security, a U.S. official said. The Transportation Security Administration alerted local law enforcement agencies that are responsible for external security around airports, but officials said the possible threat is not necessarily aviation-related. Some cities around the United States have increased their security as a precaution. A Department of Homeland Security spokesperson declined Saturday to talk about specifics, but spoke about security measures in general. "Over the last few months, we have made a number of security adjustments, including enhanced screening at select overseas airports and increasing random searches of passengers and carry-on luggage on flights inbound to the U.S., reflecting an evolving threat picture," the spokesman said. He said the DHS added layers of security to the Electronic System for Travel Authorization. ETSA is an online application system to screen travelers before they are allow to board an airplane or ship bound for the United States. In February, a more visible law enforcement presence was put in place at federal facilities, he said. "The department has conducted significant outreach efforts ... with state and local law enforcement partners regarding these trends and engaging in a series of meetings and events with local community leaders across the country to counter violent extremism," he said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: FBI investigating a possible ISIS-inspired terrorist threat in the United States.
No arrests have been made.
Officials say the threat is not necessarily aviation-related.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 327, Total accepted tokens: 327, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will get two extra weeks to form a government, Israel's President said in a news release Monday. Netanyahu made the request at President Reuven Rivlin's Jerusalem home Monday. "We have made progress and are on the way to forming a government," Netanyahu told Rivlin, according to a statement. "However, I require additional time in order for the government to be stable and so that we might reach agreement on important issues that will aid us in meeting the challenges facing the State of Israel." Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days, according to Israeli law. "I wish you success in your work," Rivlin told the Prime Minister, according to a statement. "The entire people of Israel hope that a government will be established; indeed, a transition government has not received the confidence of the Knesset and is viewed by the public as needing to be dealt with. I hope that in the coming days you will succeed in forming a stable government for the State of Israel." Last month, Netanyahu's Likud Party snared 30 of the 120 seats in the Knesset, Israel's parliament, giving its leaders the first chance at forming a coalition government. The Zionist Union came in second, with 24 seats.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: PM Netanyahu must form his government in less than 42 days.
He must form his government in less than 42 days.
He must form his government in less than 42 days.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 328, Total accepted tokens: 328, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Islamabad, Pakistan (CNN)Her second floor cafe on a dusty industrial road was painted with dashes of psychedelic colors.  And Sabeen Mahmud surrounded herself there with books, people, and discussions on technology, human rights and women's entrepreneurship. Introducing others to Jimi Hendrix, street art, and talking politics was not supposed to get her killed. But in Pakistan, free speech is dangerous, and Mahmud's exuberant exercise of it made her stick out nationwide. Two gunman shot her dead at point-blank range late Friday after she locked up The Second Floor cafe in Karachi for the night, police said. Mahmud died from five bullet wounds. The gunmen also shot her mother. She is in a hospital but is expected to be released on time for her daughter's funeral. Mahmud's killing broke hearts beating for non-violence and progressive values across the country. She freely said what she thought in a place where many people are too afraid to and by doing so spoke for many more people than just herself. She had become a Pakistani figurehead for humanism, love and tolerance. "She took that torch into the dark forest and so many people followed. She really, truly was a success story of the heart," said close friend and BBC journalist Ziad Zafar. No one has claimed responsibility for her shooting, and police have not named any motive. But Mahmud had just finished leading a discussion group on a topic that many want silenced, when the shots fell. In the province of Baluchistan, where separatists have fought a virulent insurgency for years, people have been disappearing regularly. There have been steady allegations of mass abduction. The Lahore University of Management Sciences planned to host the discussion on the topic, with human rights activist Mama Qadeer Baloch, but authorities shut it down. Mahmud would not hear of it not going on. "Despite the plurality of opinion, very little space seems to be given to the discussion in Pakistani mainstream media or academia; the debate seems to be shut down before it can even begin," she posted on Facebook. "What is the reality? Has the media been silenced on Balochistan? What makes it dangerous for us to talk about Pakistan's largest province at one of our most celebrated universities?" She invited the discussion to The Second Floor, also known by the shorthand T2F.  She said she knew it was a potentially dangerous move, and she had received death threats in the past when she handled the topic before. "She was the bravest woman in the world, she really was, she was a brave heart; my God, she was a brave, brave girl," Zafar said. Even in its secluded, humble location, T2F was a magnet to those seeking secular wisdom. They found it in a homey setting, musingly decorated like a small town college bookstore. The walls outside its entrance are sprayed with socially critical graffiti -- dusky red hearts float across gray walls. Mahmud waited to greet visitors, many of them young Pakistanis seeking freedom of thought, with a hug, a mug and encouragement for Pakistan's future. "She hoped the same thing we all hoped for, a place that is fair with liberty and justice for all," Zafar said. Grief over her death and gratefulness for her work poured out on social media and via email. "Thanks for giving us the room to breathe when fog pressed heavy on our shoulders. It's only been a few hours, Sabeen, and the city is already gasping for air," a group of illustrators called From Karachi with Love wrote. An artist drew Mahmud puttering off on a Vespa scooter wearing pants, a blouse and sandals. Her tightly coiffed short hair and angular glasses framed her bright-eyed features. Missing was a head scarf. On a wall in T2F is a spray painted Technicolor image of Marilyn Monroe from "the Seven Year Itch," her white dress replaced by a traditional outfit of mustard, ocher and  green. But it still flew up over her hips, revealing her alabaster legs, a daringly sexy and satirical image. The artistic expression sticks out and triggers passions, like many things Mahmud said and did.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sabeen Mahmud was a Pakistani humanist, activist and writer.
She spoke for many people, including women, minorities and human rights.
She was killed in her cafe in Karachi by two gunmen.
Her death broke hearts across Pakistan.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 329, Total accepted tokens: 329, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)This time, it's official: Russia expects North Korean leader Kim Jong Un to visit Moscow next month for World War II anniversary celebrations. North Korean representatives have confirmed that Kim will be in the Russian capital for May 9 Victory Day celebrations, Russian presidential aide Yuri Ushakov said Wednesday, according to Russian state-run news agency Tass. This would mark Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea in late 2011. Kim will meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the May visit, Tass reported. Kim's trip has been anticipated since late December, when Russian state media reported that Moscow had extended an invitation to Pyongyang. Last month, a Russian official speaking on condition of anonymity told CNN that the invitation was accepted. But Wednesday's Tass report is the first public  confirmation attached to a named official. This year's Victory Day marks the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory over Nazi Germany in World War II. Russia has said it has invited more than 60 world leaders to the celebrations. Kim expected to visit Moscow as North Korea, Russia foster warmer relations . CNN's Madison Park and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kim Jong Un to visit Moscow for May 9 Victory Day celebrations.
Kim's trip has been anticipated since late December.
Kim's trip has been anticipated since late December.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 330, Total accepted tokens: 330, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Giovanni Lo Porto put himself in harm's way to help, heading to Pakistan to work on a much needed reconstruction project following deadly flooding there. His work and his life, as he knew it then, came to a halt on January 19, 2012. That's when, according to Italy's state-run ANSA news agency, four armed men burst into the building where Lo Porto lived and abducted him along with colleague Bernd Muehlenbeck. Two years later, Lo Porto was dead -- killed accidentally by a U.S. drone strike, according to American authorities. The native of the Sicilian city of Palermo died along with a fellow al Qaeda hostage, American Warren Weinstein. That same counterterrorism operation in a border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan killed at least one al Qaeda leader, Ahmed Farouq, who was also a U.S. citizen. His family members, including his four brothers, called him Giancarlo. Lo Porto grew up in Sicily and then studied at London Metropolitan University, getting his undergraduate degree there in Peace and Conflict Studies in 2010, according to the school. A professor there remembers him as "passionate, friendly (and) open-minded," according to an ANSA report. And the university, in a statement, described him as "a popular student who was committed to helping others." "We are tremendously proud of him and the humanitarian work he did," the school said. At the time he was taken captive, Lo Porto worked with the German aid organization Welthungerlife, a 53-year-old group dedicated to fighting hunger and poverty worldwide. Such work means going to places where the need is most -- places like Multan in Pakistan. That community was one of many in Pakistan devastated by major flooding in 2010, which covered about one-fifth of the country and left more than 1,500 people dead. These conditions are all too common in the South Asian nation, as evidenced by flooding one year later that forced upwards of 660,000 into refugee camps and killed more than 430 people, about a quarter of whom were children. "He told me, 'I'm pleased to have returned to Asia and Pakistan, I love the people, culture and food in this part of the world,' " said the London Metropolitan University professor. Specifically, Lo Porto was a project manager with Welthungerlife's clean water and sanitation program, working with 8 to 10 fellow international staffers and 100 to 200 locals starting in October 2011, according to Simone Pott, a spokeswoman for the aid group. Pott described Lo Porto as a lively, very positive man who made friends all over the world. Some of those friends in Italy, England and beyond pressed for Lo Porto's release after he was taken captive, urging Italy's government and newspaper editors to get his story out, ANSA reported. The same story said that al Qaeda (after first claiming he was being held) denied abducting Lo Porto, as did the Pakistani Taliban. Muehlenbeck, a German national, was freed last October, at which time he said that he and his colleague had been separated, according to ANSA. But Lo Porto never got the chance to savor freedom again, like his German counterpart. Italian Foreign Minister Paolo Gentiloni said his country's government "carried out every effort possible to trace and try to return Giovanni to his loved ones." "Unfortunately, the conclusion is now different (than we wanted) because of the tragic and fatal mistake of our American allies, which has been recognized by President Obama," Gentiloni said. "The responsibility of his death and (that) of Warren Weinstein ... is that of the terrorists." On Thursday, after the U.S. government reported Lo Porto's death, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi expressed his "deepest sorrow for the death of an Italian who dedicated his life to the service of others." Lo Porto's death left those at his former charity Welthungerlife speechless and confused, Pott said. And then there are his family members like his mother, who ANSA reports became "another person" after her son's kidnapping. "Her only hope was to embrace Giovanni," a neighbor said. CNN's Hadia Messia contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: U.S. drone strike kills Lo Porto, a native of the Sicilian city of Palermo.
NEW: Lo Porto was abducted from his home in January 2012.
NEW: Lo Porto was a project manager with Welthungerlife's clean water and sanitation program.
NEW: Lo Porto was a project manager with Welthungerlife's clean water and sanitation program.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 331, Total accepted tokens: 331, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Sophisticated, glamorous and spacious -- when the super-rich go house-hunting they are searching for something special. Real estate in London's swankier suburbs can catch a buyers' eye. Mayfair, Kensington and Chelsea have long been the stomping ground of the elite -- and are now welcoming a new wave of African investors. "The Africans who are coming into London now are Africans who themselves have worked for their money," explains Bimpe Nkontchou, a British-Nigerian wealth manager based in London. "They have grown in industry and are actually part of the exciting story of the African renaissance," she continues. "It's bringing to London the best of the continent." These investors are having a considerable impact on London's property market and they mainly come from just six countries: Nigeria, Ghana, Congo, Gabon, Cameroon and Senegal. Of these, Nigerians are splashing out the most cash when it comes to bricks and mortar in the British capital -- typically spending between $22 and $37 million on securing a property, according to luxury property agents Beauchamp Estates. Their research shows that over the past three years Africans have spent over $900 million on luxury residential property in London. "The new international African is very well-traveled," explains Nkontchou. "Educated in the U.S., UK and different parts of Europe their taste is definitely more modern and clean." 'Safe-Haven' Owning a home in post codes like W1 or W8 -- around the corner from Kensington Palace -- means more than having a place to lay your head. These buildings are investments which are expected to gain even bigger value in the coming years. High-end auction house Sotheby's says that foreign investors see London as a "safe haven"  for prime property investments, and ranks the city as the second most important hub for ultra high-net-worth homes. The only spot more important on the planet is New York City. For evidence that London still attracts high-end buyers, look no further than the sale of a penthouse in Mayfair which fetched $40 million earlier this year. Educated thinking . As well as an intelligent investment, many of the African buyers see these houses as a way of maintaining long standing cultural ties with London -- and it's here they want to send their children to school. Harrow, Eton, Cheltenham Ladies College are all among the list of respected institutions that teach the offspring of wealthy Africans. The Nigerian Embassy in London calculates that Nigerian nationals now spend over $446 million per year on fees, tutoring and accommodation at British schools and university. "West African clients are very much driven by the need to educate their children," says Nkontchou. "Education usually means putting the children on an international stage, and that's one reason why this is feeding into the demand for property in London." Indeed, education industry experts ICEF Monitor say there were over 17,500 Nigerians studying in British universities in 2012  -- about 1,000 more than the 2009/10 academic session. And experts are expecting this trend to continue. "Virtually all the transactions are for end use, not rental investment, which indicates that the African buyer market in London has significant room for growth," says Gary Hersham, director at Beauchamp Estates. "African buyers or luxury tenants in London are currently where the Russians and Ukrainians were five years ago. They have the resources and desire to purchase or rental luxury homes in Prime Central London," he adds. "It is going to be the African century."More from Marketplace Africa . Read this: Africa's green lean speed machines . Read this: African designs rocking art world . Editor's Note: CNN Marketplace Africa covers the macro trends impacting the region and also focuses on the continent's key industries and corporations .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Real estate in London's swankier suburbs can catch a buyers' eye.
Mayfair, Kensington and Chelsea have long been the stomping ground of the elite.
African investors are spending over $900 million on luxury residential property in London.
The Nigerian Embassy in London says Nigerian nationals now spend over $446 million per year on fees, tutoring and accommodation at British schools and university.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 332, Total accepted tokens: 332, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Saturday's deadly earthquake in Nepal was the "big one" experts were waiting for based on the region's history. Earthquakes are a fact of life in the South Asian country, with tremors of magnitude 4 or 5 occurring several times each year, geologist and science journalist Kate Ravilious said. With the last major earthquake in 1934, the concern was not if, but when the next "great" earthquake would hit, said Ravilious, author of the 2014 article, "Kathmandu's earthquake nightmare." In a landlocked country like Nepal, where infrastructure is fragile to begin with, the consequences of such an earthquake had the potential to be "much more serious," Ravilious told CNN. Those fears were realized when a magnitude-7.8 earthquake centered less than 50 miles from the national capital of Kathmandu rocked Nepal, toppling homes, historic buildings and leaving more 1,400 dead, authorities said. "This event, while large and tragic, is not unusual for that region of the world as the whole mountain range stretching from Tibet almost to Caspian Sea is an area of major collision between continental plates," said geological engineer Nicholas Sitar with the University of California, Berkeley's Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering. What's different this time from 1934 is the size and density of Kathmandu, which suffered the brunt of damage in both earthquakes. "The population has exploded in several decades," U.S. Geological Survey spokesman Gavin Hayes told CNN. "When you get a vast population in the kind of building infrastructure that isn't equipped to handle shaking of an earthquake this size, that's when you see the scale of disaster we're seeing now." The big unknown is what happens next, now that the initial rumbles of the quake have passed, Ravilious said. How will emergency response teams enter the landlocked country, whose single international airport is closed? How will transports carrying aid move through the country if roads are destroyed? If and when landslides start, how will mountainside villages in the Himalayan range fare? And, will it all be resolved before monsoon season starts? "The worry now is to get Nepal up and running again on feet," Ravilious said. "The monsoons in a couple of months could make things worse if we don't sort things out before then." An earthquake is the ground shaking caused by a sudden slip on a fault, according to the U.S. Geological Survey. Stresses in the earth's outer layer push the sides of the fault together, releasing energy in waves that travel through the earth's crust and cause the shaking felt during an earthquake. Nepal is located on a major plate boundary between India and Eurasia, where collisions have been in progress for about 50 million years. Those collisions are responsible for the construction of the Himalayas, which has the tallest and some of the fastest growing mountains in the world, said Chris Goldfinger, director of Oregon State University's Active Tectonics and Seafloor Mapping Laboratory. India is moving northward into Eurasia at a rate of about 45 millimeters a year, with earthquakes of a magnitude from 8 to 9 occurring on average in the Himalaya every 500 to 1,000 years, said Marin K. Clark, associate professor of Geological Sciences with the University of Michigan's Department of Earth and Environmental Sciences. The last major earthquake to affect this part of the Himalayas was in the 1500s, and Kathmandu was badly damaged in an earthquake that occurred farther east of Saturday's quake in 1934. A major concern for this earthquake is damage from landslides generated by the strong shaking, Clark said. The entire area that experienced shaking was in steep, mountainous topography where landsliding is a significant hazard. Clark compared the circumstances to the 2008 earthquake in Sichuan Province, China. The magnitude-7.9  earthquake generated more 200,000 landslides, many of which blocked roads, slowing response and recovery efforts. The landslides also blocked river valleys, which created significant flood hazard. "We might anticipate a similar situation for Nepal."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nepal is on a major plate boundary between India and Eurasia.
Earthquakes of magnitude 8 to 9 occur on average every 500 to 1,000 years.
The last major earthquake to affect this part of the Himalayas was in the 1500s.
The entire area that experienced shaking was in steep, mountainous topography.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 333, Total accepted tokens: 333, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: April 23, 2015 . Some questions addressed this Thursday: How has the U.S. Supreme Court addressed the use of force by police? What impact might lower gas prices be having on hybrid vehicle sales? What is "The Blob," and what role does it play in the Pacific Ocean? We're also delivering a random fact about a state vegetable and showing how a robot has two legs up on good balance. On this page you will find today's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call. TRANSCRIPT . Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program. Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published. CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards, national standards in different subject areas, and state standards when producing the show. ROLL CALL . For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News, comment on the bottom of this page with your school name, mascot, city and state. We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call! Thank you for using CNN Student News!<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists.
CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists.
CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 334, Total accepted tokens: 334, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)You'll see him in your McDreams. On Thursday night's "Grey's Anatomy," Dr. Derek Shepherd -- the hunky character played by Patrick Dempsey -- died. He wasn't shot down over the Sea of Japan, nor did a helicopter fall on his head. Instead, he died following a car crash -- after helping victims of another accident. "Derek Shepherd is and will always be an incredibly important character -- for Meredith (Grey), for me and for the fans," show creator Shonda Rhimes said in a statement, according to The Hollywood Reporter. "I absolutely never imagined saying goodbye to our 'McDreamy.' Patrick Dempsey's performance shaped Derek in a way that I know we both hope became a meaningful example -- happy, sad, romantic, painful and always true -- of what young women should demand from modern love. His loss will be felt by all." Intriguingly, Dempsey still has a year left on his contract. His character's death leaves his TV wife, Dr. Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo), as the show's mainstay as it concludes its 11th season in May. "It's been a remarkable ride," Dempsey told TVLine. "The worldwide impact has been extraordinary. It is incredible how devoted and passionate the fans are, and I will forever be grateful and humbled by the experience." "Grey's" fans are still in shock. People magazine ran an obituary for the character. #McDreamyForever was a trending hashtag on Twitter. Tweets from "Grey's Anatomy's" official account were filled with emoji of crying faces and broken hearts, as well as tearful images from the show. Some chose to remember the good times, but for others, there was a big sense of betrayal. But the show will very much continue -- not only does it have a few weeks before the 11th season is over, Pompeo is also signed through season 12. The theme of this season, Rhimes had said, was Grey's ability to stand on her own. Now without her husband -- who was already devoting his life to separate concerns as a presidential aide -- she'll truly have to do so. "Grey's Anatomy," though not the powerhouse it was when it premiered in 2005, still does well in the ratings. For the week ending April 19, the most recent available, it was 20th in overall viewers and 12th among the desirable adults 18-49 demographic. And Dempsey, who also races cars, isn't going anywhere. He has a development deal with ABC Studios, "Grey's" producers.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Dr. Derek Shepherd dies in car crash after helping victims of another accident.
Show creator says he will miss Shepherd, but Meredith Grey will continue.
Show's fans are still in shock.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 335, Total accepted tokens: 335, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It's been a busy few weeks for multiples. The first set of female quintuplets in the world since 1969 was born in Houston on April 8, and the parents are blogging about their unique experience. Danielle Busby delivered all five girls at the Woman's Hospital of Texas via C-section at 28 weeks and two days, according to CNN affiliate KPRC. Parents Danielle and Adam and big sister Blayke are now a family of eight. The babies are named Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Olivia Marie, Parker Kate and Riley Paige. "We are so thankful and blessed," said Danielle Busby, who had intrauterine insemination to get pregnant. "I honestly give all the credit to my God. I am so thankful for this wonderful hospital and team of people here. They truly all are amazing." You can learn all about their journey at their blog, "It's a Buzz World." Early news reports said the Busby girls were the first all-female quintuplets born in the U.S. But a user alerted CNN to news clippings that show quintuplet girls were born in 1959 to Charles and Cecilia Hannan in San Antonio. All of the girls died within 24 hours. Like the Busby family, Sharon and Korey Rademacher were hoping for a second child. When they found out what they were having, they decided to keep it a secret from family and friends. That's why they didn't tell their family the gender of baby No. 2 -- or that Sharon was actually expecting not one but two girls, according to CNN affiliate WEAR. And when everyone arrived at West Florida Hospital in Pensacola, Florida, after Sharon gave birth March 11, they recorded everyone's reactions to meeting twins Mary Ann Grace and Brianna Faith. The video was uploaded to YouTube on Saturday and has been viewed more than 700,000 times. Could you keep it a secret?<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Danielle Busby, Adam Busby and Blayke Busby are now a family of eight.
The quintuplets are named Ava Lane, Hazel Grace, Olivia Marie, Parker Kate and Riley Paige.
The quintuplets were born in Houston on April 8.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 336, Total accepted tokens: 336, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)When Bruce Jenner told ABC's Diane Sawyer and the world on Friday night that "Yes, for all intents and purposes, I'm a woman," the declaration wasn't particularly surprising. Paparazzi have been stalking the former Olympic champion for months, breathlessly documenting his increasingly feminine appearance down to his lip gloss, pierced ears and French manicure. The social media reaction?  A cheer, a shrug -- and not much else. Except the occasional prod at Jenner also being Republican. Of course, Jenner's family owned the moment, being the reality TV mavens they are -- the Jenners and the Kardashians. "So very proud of you, my hero," tweeted daughter Kendall Jenner. His other daughter Kylie Jenner expressed mixed emotions. "Understandingly, this has been very hard for me. You will hear what I have to say when I'm ready to but ... this isn't about me. I'm so proud of you, Dad. You are so brave. My beautiful Hero," she said on Twitter. Ex-wife Kris Jenner was equally supportive. "Not only was I able to call him my husband for 25 years and father of my children, I am now able to call him my hero," she said. Stepdaughters Kim, Khloé and Kourtney Kardashian also joined the family chorus. "Love is the courage to live the truest, best version of yourself. Bruce is love. I love you Bruce. #ProudDaughter," Kim tweeted. "Just finished watching the #BruceJennerInterview with the family. Bruzer, I'm soooo proud of you! Dads really are heros ❤️," Khloé said on Twitter. "Couldn't be a more proud daughter. With courage and bravery, let's change the world. I am honored to stand by Bruce's side and support him," Kourtney said. The entertainment industry was quick to embrace the news. Lady Gaga has long supported lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender issues. "We have the chance to write this moment in history together," she tweeted.  "Let's empower people like Bruce all over the world by being loving & not mean.💗" Transgender actress Laverne Cox of "Orange is the New Black" gave a shout out. "Sending lots of love and support to #BruceJenner and their family tonight," she tweeted.  "It is always brave to stand in one's truth. Congrats darling." The Jenner interview was a key moment for advocacy groups like GLAAD and  the National Center for Transgender Equality, thrusting LGBT issues into the spotlight. "Today, millions of people learned that someone they know is transgender," GLAAD tweeted. "Welcome, #BruceJenner," Trans Equality tweeted.  "Thank you for your courage and bravery." As with all things, public opinion is hardly unanimous and social media only represents the views of those who post. Still, there were few detractors. One man used an Old Testament Bible verse as the basis for his stance. "GOP Logic: Bruce Jenner is not Gay...but Transgender," Benny said on Twitter.  "Still forbidden by the Bible but we cherrypick." This woman wasn't sure what to make of Jenner's announcement. "Still confused about Bruce Jenner becoming a woman...," tweeted HugHey. And what would a social media event be without a good dose of humor. Many folks seemed to be more intrigued by Jenner's announcement that he's Republican than him coming out as a woman. "I accept that Bruce Jenner is a Republican and wish him happiness, even if I can't understand it," said Johnny McNulty. "I'll accept Bruce Jenner's choice to live how he wants much easier than leftists will accept his politics," CounterMoonbat said on twitter. And this final nugget from Bibi. "Bruce Jenner: *comes out as a woman* . "Everyone: "Yas girl, slay" "Bruce Jenner: *comes out as a republican* . Everyone: "disgusting"<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Bruce Jenner's family joins the conversation on Twitter.
Jenner's family: "I'm so proud of you, Dad. You are so brave"
Jenner's family: "You will hear what I have to say when I'm ready to"
Jenner's family: "I'm soooo proud of you! Dads really are heros"
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 337, Total accepted tokens: 337, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Tobacco companies including Philip Morris and R.J. Reynolds filed suit this week against the Food and Drug Administration alleging that the FDA is violating the companies' free speech rights. In March, the FDA issued guidance that if significant changes are made to a product's label, like color or a logo, the product requires new approval from the administration. This holds true even if the product was previously approved. The suit, filed in U.S. District Court in Washington, argues that those guidelines go too far and are too vague. They violate the First Amendment because they pre-emptively restrict free speech and exceed the scope of the Tobacco Control Act, the companies claim. The FDA's actions, the suit says, do not advance a substantial government interest. The plaintiffs also include U.S. Smokeless Tobacco Co., American Snuff Co., Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Co. and Lorillard Tobacco Co. FDA spokesman Michael Felberbaum said the administration does not comment on litigation. CNN's Debra Goldschmidt contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tobacco companies file suit against FDA alleging free speech rights.
FDA issued guidance that if significant changes are made to a product's label.
The suit says the guidelines go too far and are too vague.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 338, Total accepted tokens: 338, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)One of the youngest suspects yet has been arrested on terror-related charges in England. A 14-year-old boy was taken into custody after encouraging an attack on an Australian parade honoring the war dead and urging the beheading of "someone in Australia," Deborah Walsh, deputy head of counter terrorism at the Crown Prosecution Service, said in a statement Thursday. The teenager was taken into custody April 2 after UK's Greater Manchester police examined electronic devices and discovered communications between the teen and a man in Australia, police said in a statement. The teenager, arrested in Blackburn, Lancashire, was not named "because of legal reasons," the statement said. He was charged with two counts of inciting another person to commit an act of terrorism overseas and will appear in Westminster Magistrate's Court on Friday. He was communicating with suspects in Operation Rising, an Australian law enforcement operation that apprehended several men suspected of planning terrorist actions, police in Victoria, Australia, said on the department website. Australia: Charges in foiled 'ISIS-inspired' plot . Those acts of terror were planned for Anzac Day (Australia and New Zealand Army Corps Day) on Friday, the centennial of the Gallipoli Campaign in World War I, police said . "The first allegation is that, between 15 and 26 March 2015, the defendant incited another person to commit an act of terrorism, namely to carry out an attack at an ANZAC parade in Australia with the aim of killing and/or causing serious injury to people," Walsh said. "The second allegation is that on 18 March 2015, the defendant incited another person to behead someone in Australia." Australian law enforcement officers arrested several people last weekend in Operation Rising. Tuesday, Victoria Police and the Australian Federal Police charged Sevdet Ramdan Besim with conspiracy to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts. Authorities have not named the person with whom the 14-year-old in Britain was communicating. British teens face terror charges after being detained en route to Syria . CNN's Alexander Felton contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: 14-year-old boy was charged with two counts of inciting terrorism overseas.
Teen was communicating with suspects in Operation Rising in Australia.
Teen was communicating with suspects in Operation Rising in Australia.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 339, Total accepted tokens: 339, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Living under ISIS. Selling Girl Scout cookies. And giving some lip -- like Kylie Jenner. These are the best videos of the week. In the West, ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions. But for some communities, the group is the local governing authority, picking up garbage and directing traffic. CNN's Atika Shubert explains how ISIS functions as a state. The video is at the top of this story. It's an annual tradition: Girl Scouts sell cookies -- and, in the millions, we buy them. But is this the best way for them to raise money? CNN's Richard Roth asks about a sweet tradition that's leaving some with a bitter taste. Watch the video: . The use of marijuana has long been a source of controversy, but on movies and TV shows, it's also long been a source of humor. CNN's Lisa France has a blunt look at the herb in pop culture. Watch the video: . Many climate scientists believe that an increase of 2 degrees Celsius in the global average temperature could be the tipping point for climate change. CNN's John D. Sutter takes a measure. Watch the video: . Back in the '50s, "The Blob" was a low-budget horror/sci-fi film. Today, it's reality, as "blobs" of warm water in the Pacific Ocean may be having an impact on storms and marine life. CNN's Jennifer Gray takes a look. Watch the video: . A newly discovered frog has a distinct resemblance to a certain "Not Easy Being Green" Muppet, Kermit the Frog. Kermit himself noted the similarities. So what is this amphibian? Watch the video: . In another attempt to keep up with the Kardashians, some children and teens are using suction to make their lips look just like Kyle Jenner's.The #KylieJennerChallenge hasn't escaped notice. Watch the video: . "Iron Man" Robert Downey Jr. was distinctly flinty when dealing with the questions of a British interviewer. He finally walked out -- and he hasn't been the only one to decide to take off his microphone. Watch the video: . You've heard of drones in the air. Now the Pentagon is working on drones at sea -- and they could be valuable tools in tracking enemy ships. Watch the video: . Recent incidents have brought attention to the question of when police are allowed to use deadly force. CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin looks at the laws for law enforcement. Watch the video: . Michelle Obama is 51 years old -- but she certainly doesn't look it, particularly in the eyes of one youngster. Watch the video: .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN's Atika Shubert: ISIS is widely known for its terrorist actions.
CNN's Richard Roth: Girl Scouts sell cookies -- and, in the millions, we buy them.
CNN's Lisa France: Marijuana has long been a source of controversy.
CNN's John D. Sutter: Climate scientists believe 2 degrees Celsius could be tipping point.
CNN's Jennifer Gray: "The Blob" is reality, as "blobs" of warm water in Pacific Ocean may be having impact on storms and marine life.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 340, Total accepted tokens: 340, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Just weeks after Marvel's "Daredevil" premiered its first season on Netflix, the company confirmed Tuesday that a second season will be coming in 2016. The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock (played by Charlie Cox), who was blinded as a child, as he fights injustice by day using the law. By night, he continues the fight, becoming the superhero Daredevil and using his powers to protect the New York neighborhood of Hell's Kitchen. It's gotten rave reviews. "With tight adherence to its source material's history, high production quality, and a no-nonsense dramatic flair, Daredevil excels as an effective superhero origin story, a gritty procedural, and an exciting action adventure," says review site Rotten Tomatoes. Netflix's 'Daredevil' has arrived: What's the verdict? A Marvel Television and ABC Studios production, the show also stars Rosario Dawson, Vincent D'Onofrio and Deborah Ann Woll. "Daredevil" is just one of four series that the Disney-owned Marvel has committed to airing on Netflix. Expect to see Avengers characters "Jessica Jones," "Iron Fist" and "Luke Cage" in their own upcoming series, leading into "The Defenders" miniseries programming event.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Daredevil" is a Marvel TV series on Netflix.
The show focuses on attorney Matt Murdock, who became the superhero Daredevil.
The show has gotten rave reviews.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 341, Total accepted tokens: 341, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tokyo (CNN)On the 29th floor of Roppongi Hills, an upscale Tokyo high-rise full of offices, restaurants and residences, two actors in kimonos sit on a tatami mat and glare at each other as artificial smoke billows around them. It's been a long day of filming "The Crawler in the Dark," a new sci-fi horror movie set in Japan's Meiji era. This movie won't be released in theaters; it's going directly to YouTube. The file sharing website is celebrating 10 years since the first 19-second video "Me at the zoo," was uploaded on April 23, 2005 by one of the site's founders. A decade later, the site gets billions of views every day. And the most popular YouTube channels draw larger audiences than many TV networks. In 2015, YouTube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in "YouTube Spaces," like the one in Tokyo, where "creators" like Tokyo independent filmmaker JR Lipartito have access to professional studios, training, and many resources once out of reach for low budget productions. "Having a set, especially a period set like this, is almost inaccessible for an independent filmmaker," Lipartito says. "It really breaks down the barriers." David Macdonald, who moved to Japan as an English teacher two decades ago, is now the Head of YouTube Spaces for Asia Pacific. "YouTube is not only cats and dogs on skateboards any more. It's a place for great content. Great high quality content," Macdonald says. The Tokyo space is one of five worldwide available for free to YouTube partners, who create content and share ad revenue with the website. "Helping creators find better audiences, more audiences, and just improve their craft," Macdonald says. Anyone can create a YouTube channel. The most popular, 25-year-old Swedish gamer PewDiePie, has more than 36 million subscribers. Many of his videos have a viewership that exceeds popular television programs. YouTube has 300 hours of video uploads per minute. The website wants more of those videos to be polished productions. Japanese film and TV company Toei is partnering with YouTube to encourage more Japanese samurai dramas --  called Jidaigeki. The goal is to attract new subscribers in one of YouTube's biggest markets. "They're building sets. We have high quality cameras, high quality sets, high quality actors," says Bob Werley, one of the actors in "The Crawler in the Dark." Werley and fellow actor Masa Hitokawahata hope their higher quality work will appeal to more of YouTube's one billion users. "It's going to raise the bar," Werley says. "We've seen a lot more people wanting to use [the studio], becoming aware of it, getting excited about it." If a video goes viral, the financial rewards can be significant. Thousands of the most popular YouTube creators earn six-figure incomes through ad revenue and sponsorships. A handful earn in the millions of dollars.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: YouTube celebrates 10 years since first video was uploaded.
Most popular YouTube channels draw larger audiences than many TV networks.
YouTube is striving to improve the quality of its content by investing in "YouTube Spaces"
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 342, Total accepted tokens: 342, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)"The Rocky Horror Picture Show" is the latest musical getting the small-screen treatment. Fox is developing a two-hour remake of the 1975 cult classic to be directed, executive-produced and choreographed by Kenneth Ortega ("High School Musical"). The project, tentatively titled "The Rocky Horror Picture Show Event," is casting-contingent. The special will be filmed in advance and not air live, but few details beyond that are known. In addition to Ortega, Gail Berman and Lou Adler, who produced the original film, are also attached as executive producers. The special will be produced by Fox 21 Television Studios, and Berman's The Jackal Group. The special is timed to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the film, which has grossed more than $112 million and still plays in theaters across the country. TV premiere dates: The complete guide . This isn't the first stab at adapting "The Rocky Horror Picture Show." In 2002, Fox unveiled plans for an adaptation timed to the 30th anniversary that never came to fruition. The faces of pilot season 2015 . Fox's "Glee" covered several of the show's most popular songs for a Season 2 episode and even released a special "The Rocky Horror Glee Show" EP. There is no plan yet for when the adaptation will air. Fox also has a live musical production of "Grease", starring Julianne Hough and Vanessa Hudgens, scheduled to air on Jan. 31, 2016. Broadcast TV scorecard . Following in the footsteps of "The Sound of Music" and "Peter Pan," NBC recently announced plans to air a live version of The Wiz later this year. Ortega's credits include "Gilmore Girls," "This Is It" and "Hocus Pocus." He is repped by Paradigm and Hanson, Jacobson. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" is the latest musical getting the small-screen treatment.
The project is tentatively titled "The Rocky Horror Picture Show Event"
The special will be produced by Fox 21 Television Studios.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 343, Total accepted tokens: 343, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)With help from some filmmakers, 102-year-old Alice Barker went back in time. Barker was a dancer in such New York nightspots as the Cotton Club and the Cafe Zanzibar in the 1930s and 1940s, part of chorus lines that entertained alongside notables including Bill "Bojangles" Robinson and Frank Sinatra. There were motion pictures made of Barker, but she had never seen any of them. Moreover, her photographs and memorabilia had all been lost over the years. So she had never seen herself actually dancing -- until now. Mark Cantor of jazz-on-film.com and some volunteers put together a video of "soundies" -- early music videos -- and showed them to Barker at the nursing home where she lives. The ageless dancer was delighted. "It's just fabulous," she said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Alice Barker was a dancer in the 1930s and 1940s.
She had never seen any of the films made of her.
She had lost her photographs and memorabilia.
Barker was delighted with the video.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 344, Total accepted tokens: 344, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Another controversy has erupted from the press tour for the soon-to-be-blockbuster Marvel's "Avengers: Age of Ultron." After Robert Downey Jr. walked out on an interview, his co-stars Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner found themselves in hot water Wednesday over comments they made in a similar junket interview. When asked by Digital Spy about the character Black Widow's flirtations with the other superheroes, Renner responded "She's a slut," and Evans, laughing, added that she is a "complete whore." Joking or not, fans on social media didn't take it lightly. By Thursday, both actors apologized. CNN obtained a statement from Renner saying, "I am sorry that this tasteless joke about a fictional character offended anyone. It was not meant to be serious in any way. Just poking fun during an exhausting and tedious press tour." Evans also released a statement: "Yesterday we were asked about the rumors that Black Widow wanted to be in a relationship with both Hawkeye and Captain America. We answered in a very juvenile and offensive way that rightfully angered some fans. I regret it and sincerely apologize." Many on social media accepted his apology, but thoughts on Renner were mixed. With one week left until its release, the "Avengers" might want to steer clear of controversy from here on out.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Robert Downey Jr. walked out on an interview.
Chris Evans and Jeremy Renner found themselves in hot water Wednesday.
Both actors apologized.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 345, Total accepted tokens: 345, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)Oscar-winning rapper-turned-actor Common has closed a deal to join the cast of "Suicide Squad," Warner Bros.' all-star action movie featuring DC Entertainment super-villains. David Ayer is directing the feature, which already boasts actors Jared Leto as the Joker, Will Smith as Deadshot and Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn. Also in the lineup are Joel Kinnaman, Cara Delevingne, Viola David, Adam Beach, Ike Barinholtz, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje and Scott Eastwood. There will also possibly be cameos of Jesse Eisenberg who plays Lex Luthor and Ben Affleck as Batman in "Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice," who are rumored to appear as Warners builds its own cinematic universe. Hollywood Reporter: 'Suicide Squad' is 'Dirty Dozen' with supervillains . The story tells of imprisoned villains recruited by a government agency to perform covert operations. Details for Common's role have not been revealed. Warners had no comment on the deal. The movie is in production in Toronto. Common is currently on screen with Warners' Liam Neeson thriller "Run All Night" and was part of the cast for acclaimed civil rights movie "Selma." For the latter he won an Oscar for best original song, which he shared with John Legend. He is due to shoot Relativity's "Hunter Killer" with Gerard Butler in July. Hollywood Reporter: What happens when 'Star Wars' is just a war film? He is repped by CAA and Myman Greenspan. Warner Bros. and DC Entertainment are both units of Time Warner, as is CNN. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Oscar-winning rapper-turned-actor Common joins "Suicide Squad," Warner Bros. all-star action movie.
DC Entertainment super-villains will be in the movie, which is in Toronto.
Common is currently on screen with Warners' Liam Neeson thriller "Run All Night"
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 346, Total accepted tokens: 346, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)I've visited Nepal at least half a dozen times over the last decade, and of the more than 100 countries that Save the Children serves, it is undoubtedly one of my favorites. There are the usual things that are said about it -- the stunning landscape, which includes Mount Everest, and the amazing food. But Nepal has also made some of the most remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years. In fact, I remember a time just last May when I sat with a group of mothers and their tiny babies as they told me how proud they were that they now understood how important it was to make sure they prioritized breastfeeding and nutritious foods. They spoke of the wonderful future they were now expecting for their children, and they shared with me the big dreams that they had. So you can imagine the indescribable sadness I experienced waking up this morning and seeing the news reports that Nepal had been hit by its worst earthquake since 1934, when more than 10,000 people were killed. While casualty accounts following the magnitude-7.8 quake Saturday are still difficult to confirm -- hardly surprising considering that communication lines have been severely disrupted -- estimates we are hearing from the ground are already placing the number lost in the thousands, with the official toll now at around 1,500 expected to keep growing as the hours and days pass. The fact that the epicenter of this quake was so close to the capital of Kathmandu, where the majority of Nepal's citizens reside, makes the situation even more dire. Many of these people live in cramped conditions and have never lived outside the city. As a result, it is unlikely they even have a home village to go to temporarily for shelter. Housing the scores of newly homeless will be a tall order. It is still quite cold at night in Nepal, so getting these people into shelters quickly will be of the utmost importance. Compounding this very serious problem will be the difficulty in ensuring that those affected have access to clean water in the coming days; Nepal already had one of the lowest standards of sanitation in the world before the quake. In fact, even getting food to people will be a logistical nightmare, given that the entire country -- which is about the size of Tennessee -- is served by only two main roads, which have likely been badly damaged, if not destroyed. We have been in situations like this before, and know what to do. But time is not on our side -- we have only a few short weeks before the rainy season begins, which will make an already difficult job close to impossible. With that in mind, we have set up a fund to help address the immediate needs of children, who are always the most vulnerable in an emergency. We and other relief organizations will be doing everything we can to help get Nepal back on its feet without having to wait for more people to die from diseases that will inevitably come from contaminated water and the like. Only the oldest Nepalese will remember the last major earthquake, so the psychological toll for the majority of the country will be a significant and ongoing concerning for us as we and other agencies launch our response. And while we can rebuild Nepal after this tragedy, it will take time and help. I hope that we can all play a role in making sure that the tremendous gains that have been made in this country that I love so dearly will not have been in vain.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nepal has made remarkable progress on maternal and child health in the last few years.
Estimates we are hearing from the ground are placing the number lost in the thousands.
The fact that the epicenter of this quake was so close to the capital of Kathmandu makes the situation even more dire.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 347, Total accepted tokens: 347, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Fifteen buffalo were shot and killed on Friday after a day on the loose in upstate New York. The chase, which took farmers and police officers from five jurisdictions through forests and over the Hudson River, ended with "snipers" from the animals' farm gunning down the buffalo from the side of the road, according to Lt. Thomas Heffernan of the Bethlehem Police Department. "It was turning into the wild, wild, West," Albany County Sheriff Craig Apple told reporters on Friday. "It was time to put an end to it." Heffernan described the hectic last moments of the chase: . "They were setting up a perimeter around the animals in the secluded area, they got spooked and they charged through our guys," Heffernan said. The herd then stampeded across the interstate highway, breaking through a wire fence. "Once they crossed over the freeway, that really escalated it," Heffernan said. "There was no choice; the animals had to be destroyed." The bull of the heard weighed over 1,300 pounds and a collision with a car could easily have been fatal, Heffernan said. New York State Police helicopters were called in and nearby school districts were alerted to keep all students inside, Heffernan said. Four men from GEM Farms in Schodack, New York, from where the buffalo escaped, were on the scene by a ravine in Coeymans, New York, to kill the animals, a decision Heffernan said wasn't made lightly, but that was necessary. George Mesick, the 87-year-old owner of the farm, sat in the car listening to the radio as his buffalo were shot. "Very sad," Mesick said. "I'm just so glad that they got them before somebody got hurt." Twenty-two buffalo escaped from the farm on Thursday -- half the farm's stock -- including six that were shot Thursday night in Rensselaer County, Mesick said. One buffalo calf was found dead on a road, hit, and not reported, by a driver, Mesick said. Mesick has been raising buffalo for their meat since 1973, he said, with no escape like this before. "They love to roam," he said. "They love to get in the big field and go like a son of a gun and that's what they did yesterday." The last buffalo were shot 20 miles from the farm, he said. The herd broke through three strands of high tensile barbed wire to escape the farm, and later swam across the Hudson River, according to Mesick, still surprised. "They never even had a pond to swim across," Mesick said. "I still can't believe it."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Buffalo herd stampedes across highway, breaking through wire fence.
NEW: Buffalo herd stampedes across highway, breaking through wire fence.
NEW: Buffalo herd stampedes across highway, breaking through wire fence.
NEW: Buffalo herd stampedes across highway, breaking through wire fence.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 348, Total accepted tokens: 348, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The last three defendants prosecuted in the hazing death of Florida A&M drum major Robert Champion were convicted Friday of manslaughter and hazing with the result of death, reported CNN affiliate WFTV. A jury deliberated about 2½ hours before returning guilty verdicts against Benjamin McNamee, 25; Aaron Golson, 22; and Darryl Cearnel, 28. They will be sentenced June 26, according to Orange County, Florida, online court records. Until then, they'll be held in the county jail. Champion, 26, died in November 2011 after a band hazing ritual in which he was beaten aboard a school bus after a football game in Orlando, Florida. The initiation required pledges to run down the center of the bus while being punched, kicked and assaulted by senior members, band members have said. A medical examiner ruled Champion's death a homicide and said he died within an hour of being beaten. Champion suffered multiple blunt trauma blows, the medical examiner said. A total of 15 defendants were charged originally, but most took plea deals, WFTV reported. Last October, Dante Martin stood trial and was convicted of the same charges. He was sentenced to 77 months in prison.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Last three defendants convicted of manslaughter, hazing with the result of death.
Champion, 26, died in November 2011 after a band hazing ritual.
Champion was beaten aboard a school bus after a football game in Orlando, Florida.
Champion suffered multiple blunt trauma blows, the medical examiner said.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 349, Total accepted tokens: 349, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)"Sopranos" theorists now have a little more to chew on. Show creator David Chase went through the famous final scene for DGA Quarterly and revealed the reasoning behind each shot. What he didn't reveal, however, was whether series protagonist Tony Soprano lives or dies. Chase's details are a master class on how to build tension in a seemingly nondescript situation, however. 'Sopranos' ending? Let it be . For those who don't recall the finale, which aired in June 2007, mobster Tony Soprano is meeting his family for dinner at Holsten's, a real-life diner and ice cream parlor in Bloomfield, New Jersey. He picks a song on the jukebox: Journey's "Don't Stop Believin'." As the music plays, he waits in a booth, watching his wife and later his son come through the front door. His daughter is running late. It's a seemingly harmless get-together, one that could have happened any time in Tony's life, but it's fraught with tension, Chase observes. The Journey song "starts to build and build into something"; a bell rings every time someone walks through the door, and Tony looks up each time. And then there's the man in the Members Only jacket who walks in just ahead of A.J., Tony's son. He could be anybody, but given Tony's life, he could a hitman assigned to kill Tony. "The tension is quite high now, but if you think about it, for no real reason," Chase told DGA Quarterly. "Who's in the place? A guy in a jacket, Cub Scouts, a young couple, a trucker in a hat, a couple of black guys in there to buy some candy. There's no real reason for the tension to ratchet up. But it does. And that's what I love, how you make that." There are nods to other films, Chase observed. The way the scene is cut recalls the final bedroom scene of Stanley Kubrick's "2001: A Space Odyssey," with Tony seeing himself at the next spot in time. The Members Only guy going to the bathroom is a nod to the famous scene in "The Godfather" when Michael Corleone shoots Sollozzo and McCluskey. The scene ends, of course, with Tony looking up as Journey's Steve Perry sings "Don't stop --" and then a cut to black. The public reaction caught Chase by surprise. "I thought the ending would be somewhat jarring, sure. But not to the extent it was, and not a subject of such discussion," he said. "The biggest feeling I was going for, honestly, was don't stop believing." Still, if anybody is hoping that Chase reveals whether Tony survives, they'll have to keep digging. The end is deliberately uncertain and existential, Chase said. "Whether this is the end here, or not, it's going to come at some point for the rest of us," he said. "I'm not saying that (he was killed). But obviously he stood more of a chance of getting shot by a rival gang mob than you or I do because he put himself in that situation. "All I know," he added, "is the end is coming for all of us."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: David Chase says "Sopranos" finale is "a master class on how to build tension"
Chase says the scene recalls Stanley Kubrick's "2001: A Space Odyssey"
Chase says the scene ends with Tony Soprano looking up as Journey's Steve Perry sings "Don't stop --"
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 350, Total accepted tokens: 350, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)Geoffrey Lewis, a prolific character actor who appeared opposite frequent collaborator Clint Eastwood as his pal Orville Boggs in "Every Which Way But Loose" and its sequel, has died. He was 79. Lewis, the father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis, died Tuesday, family friend Michael Henderson said. No other details were immediately available. Lewis began his long association with Eastwood in "High Plains Drifter" (1973). He also appeared with the actor in "Thunderbolt and Lightfoot" (1974), "Bronco Billy" (1980), "Pink Cadillac" (1989) and "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997). Lewis scored a Golden Globe nomination for playing bartender Earl Tucker on the 1980s CBS sitcom "Flo," the spinoff of "Alice" that starred Polly Holliday, and he had recurring roles on such series as "Falcon Crest" and the syndicated "Land's End." Hollywood Reporter: "Fast 8" nowhere near starting line . Lewis portrayed real-life Prohibition-era gangster Harry Pierpont in "Dillinger" (1973), and his résumé also includes such notable films as "The Great Waldo Pepper" (1975), "The Wind and the Lion" (1975), "Lucky Lady" (1975), "The Return of a Man Called Horse" (1976), "Heaven's Gate" (1980), "Catch Me If You Can" (1989), "The Lawnmower Man" (1992), "The Man Without a Face" (1993), "Maverick" (1994) and "The Devil's Rejects" (2005). Hollywood Reporter: Acclaimed satirist Stan Freberg dies . The actor also stood out as a gravedigger turned vampire in the 1979 Tobe Hooper CBS miniseries "Salem's Lot," an adaptation of the Stephen King novel. Lewis had appeared on such 1970s TV shows as "Then Came Bronson," "Bonanza" and "The Name of the Game" before scoring a minor role as a cowhand in "The Culpepper Cattle Co." (1972). Later, he showed up on such series as "Mod Squad," "The Waltons," "Police Woman," "Mork & Mindy," "Lou Grant," "Gun Shy," "Magnum, P.I." and "The X-Files." Lewis was a co-founder of the spoken-word performance group Celestial Navigations, working with musician and songwriter Geoff Levin. People we've lost in 2015 . ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Geoffrey Lewis, a prolific character actor, died Tuesday.
Lewis, father of Oscar-nominated actress Juliette Lewis, was 79.
Lewis began his long association with Clint Eastwood in "High Plains Drifter"
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 351, Total accepted tokens: 351, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Film critic Richard Corliss, whose populist passion for all genres of movies illuminated Time magazine's coverage of cinema for 35 years, died Thursday night in New York City. He was 71. Corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke, according to a tribute on Time's website by colleague Richard Zoglin, who called him "perhaps the magazine's most quoted writer of all time." Unlike some critics, Corliss appreciated all kinds of movies -- from the arty drama of Ingmar Bergman to the epic fantasy of "The Lord of the Rings." His all-TIME top 100 movies list, which he compiled with fellow Time critic Richard Schickel, contained everything from "Pulp Fiction" to "Finding Nemo" to Jackie Chan's "Drunken Master II." "He savored it all: the good, the bad, the indifferent. Except that he was indifferent to nothing," Zoglin wrote. "To any fan or friend who would ask whether a new movie was 'worth seeing,' Corliss had a stock, succinct reply: 'Everything is worth seeing.' " But Corliss was not afraid to puncture hype around big movies he found overrated, including "Titanic" ("dead in the water") and even -- blasphemy! -- "Star Wars," about which he wrote, "The movie's 'legs' will prove as vulnerable as C-3PO's." He also didn't care much for sentimental, uplifting movies that often become mainstream hits and win Oscars. "There are movies whose feel-good sentiments and slick craft annoy me so deeply that I know they will become box-office successes or top prizewinners," he once wrote. "I call this internal mechanism my Built-In Hit Detector." A graceful and prolific writer, Corliss reviewed more than 1,000 movies, penned many Time cover stories and authored four books on film, including "Mom in the Movies: The Iconic Screen Mothers You Love (and a Few You Love to Hate)," published just last year. (It was a partnership with Turner Classic Movies, which, like CNN, is owned by Turner Broadcasting.) Some credit him with coining the phrase "drop-dead gorgeous" to describe actress Michelle Pfeiffer in a review of her 1985 film, "Into the Night." He also cleverly, and subtly, gave away the big plot spoiler of "The Crying Game" by spelling it out with the first letters of each paragraph of his review. Born in Philadelphia, Corliss moved to New York after college and began writing film reviews for a variety of publications before joining Time in 1980. He served as editor of Film Comment, the movie journal of the Film Society of Lincoln Center, for 20 years, was a frequent guest on Charlie Rose's talk show and made annual pilgrimages to film festivals in Cannes, Toronto and Venice. "It's painful to try to find words, since Richard was such a master of them," Time editor Nancy Gibbs wrote in a note Friday to her staffers. "They were his tools, his toys, to the point that it felt sometimes as though he had to write, like the rest of us breathe and eat and sleep. It's not clear that Richard ever slept, for the sheer expanse of his knowledge and writing defies the normal contours of professional life." He is survived by his wife, Mary, a noted film critic in her own right, whom he married in 1969. People we've lost in 2015 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Richard Corliss died Thursday night in New York City.
Corliss was 71.
Corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke.
Corliss was known for his populist passion for all genres of movies.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 352, Total accepted tokens: 352, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Hong Kong (CNN)Cathay Pacific was forced to cancel a scheduled flight from London to Hong Kong after one of the pilots was arrested after trying to board the airliner with knives in his luggage. The pilot, who has not been identified, was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart on Saturday night, the Metropolitan Police said in a statement Monday. "At around 21:10 hours police at Heathrow Airport were called to a staff search area. "Officers attended and subsequently the member of flight crew, a man, was arrested on suspicion of possession of an offensive weapon in a public place and possession of a knife blade / sharp pointed article in a public place." He was then taken into custody at a local police station where he was later bailed and ordered to return in May pending an investigation, the police statement added. Cathay Pacific, which is headquartered in Hong Kong, told CNN in an email that it would cooperate with authorities, but that it was unable to provide further details as the incident is being investigated by police. It apologized to the 262 people on board Flight CX254, which eventually departed on Sunday, adding that it assisted passengers with overnight accommodation in London and alternative flight arrangements. Passengers were forced to wait in the seats on board the Boeing 777 for more than two hours before the service was canceled. "They just told us there were crew issues. The captain said 'apologies for everything that has happened'. He said they tried to get another pilot but they couldn't get there on time," one passenger on the flight told the Hong Kong-based South China Morning Post.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Cathay Pacific cancels flight from London to Hong Kong.
Pilot was stopped during security checks as the flight prepared to depart.
The pilot has not been identified.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 353, Total accepted tokens: 353, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See," a novel centered on the World War II bombing of St.-Malo, France, and two characters on opposite sides of the war, won the Pulitzer Prize for fiction Monday. Doerr's novel had received rave reviews upon its release last spring. "I must blame Anthony Doerr for lost sleep, because once I started reading his new novel, 'All the Light We Cannot See,' there was no putting it down," wrote William T. Vollmann in The New York Times Book Review. Doerr's work was also a finalist for the National Book Award. It's his second novel and fourth work of fiction, including two short story collections. 2015 Pulitzer Prize winners in journalism named . "Between Riverside and Crazy," a play by Stephen Adly Guirgis, won the Pulitzer for drama. An earlier Guirgis work, "The Motherf***** with the Hat," ran on Broadway in 2011. Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" won the Pulitzer for general nonfiction. Kolbert, a New Yorker staff writer, tackles the idea that we're at the beginning of another mass die-off. "As the planet warms up, and carbon dioxide acidifies the oceans, all bets are off -- except the ones hinging on mass extinctions," wrote Nicholas Lazard in The Guardian. Despite that prospect, he added, "Kolbert's book is not, thankfully, as depressing as you might think. She has a good grip on her subject and uses a light touch when it is most needed." Other winners in arts and letters categories include "Encounters at the Heart of the World: A History of the Mandan People" by Elizabeth A. Fenn (history); "The Pope and Mussolini: The Secret History of Pius XI and the Rise of Fascism in Europe" by David I. Kertzer (biography/autobiography); "Anthracite Fields" by Julia Wolfe (music); and "Digest" by Gregory Pardlo (poetry). The Pulitzer Prizes are administered by Columbia University and are considered some of the most prestigious honors in journalism and literature.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Pulitzer Prize for fiction goes to Anthony Doerr's "All the Light We Cannot See"
Doerr's novel had received rave reviews upon its release last spring.
Doerr's work was also a finalist for the National Book Award.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 354, Total accepted tokens: 354, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Americans on the United States' no-fly list will now be privy to information about why they have been banned from commercial flights and be given the opportunity to dispute their status, according to court documents filed by the Justice Department this week. The revised policy comes in response to a June ruling by a federal judge that said the old process was in violation of the Fifth Amendment's guarantee of due process. The decision was part of an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit brought on behalf of 13 Americans on the list. But the ACLU isn't satisfied with the government's new policy, outlined in documents filed Monday in federal courts in Oregon (PDF) and Virginia (PDF). "After years of fighting in court for complete secrecy and losing, it's good that the government is finally now going to tell people of their status on the No Fly List," said Hina Shamsi, director of the ACLU National Security Project and the lead attorney on the case, in a statement. "Unfortunately, we've found that the government's new redress process falls far short of constitutional requirements because it denies our clients meaningful notice, evidence, and a hearing. The government had an opportunity to come up with a fair process but failed, so we're challenging it in court again." People on the no-fly list, managed by the FBI's Terrorist Screening Center, are prohibited from boarding a commercial flight for travel into or out of the United States. The number of people on the list is classified. An official with knowledge of the government's figures told CNN in 2012 that the list contained about 21,000 names, including about 500 Americans. Before the change, American citizens and permanent residents who inquired with the government about being denied aircraft boarding received a letter that neither confirmed nor denied their inclusion on the no-fly list. Now, they'll be made aware of their status if they apply for redress, with an option to request further information. "The U.S. government is making enhancements to the Department of Homeland Security Traveler Redress Inquiry Program (DHS TRIP) to provide additional transparency and process for U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents who have been denied boarding on a commercial aircraft because they are on the No Fly List," the Department of Homeland Security said in a statement. In cases in which travelers included on the list request to receive or submit more information about their status, the government will provide a second, more detailed response, identifying "specific criterion under which the individual has been placed on the No Fly List," according to the court documents. An unclassified summary of that information will be provided "to the extent feasible, consistent with the national security and law enforcement interests at stake," court papers said. Those who appear on the no-fly list will then have further opportunity to dispute their status in writing, with supporting materials or exhibits, and will receive a final written decision from the Transportation Security Administration. The 2014 ruling that prompted the policy changes had called for passengers on the list to be given the opportunity to dispute their status before a judge.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Justice Department: Americans on the U.S. no-fly list will now be privy to information.
The revised policy comes in response to a June ruling by a federal judge.
The decision was part of an American Civil Liberties Union lawsuit.
People on the no-fly list are prohibited from boarding a commercial flight.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 355, Total accepted tokens: 355, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Korea's buddae-jjigae -- or "army stew" as it's often called -- dates back to the scarce years of the Korean War when local cooks had to get inventive with U.S. Army rations. While jiigae can refer to any variety of stews, this particular version just happens to feature a variety of canned, precooked meat, most notably SPAM in all its glazed and gelatinous glory. "It's, in fact, a classic example of necessity being the mother of deliciousness," Anthony Bourdain says of the dish during the premiere episode of "Parts Unknown" on Sunday, April 26, at 9 p.m. ET/PT. The host of CNN's "Parts Unknown" recently stopped by Anderson Cooper's kitchen to cook up the spicy and funky stew, and talk about his 24 intoxicating hours in the country's capital of Seoul. So, it's probably a good thing budda-jiigae is also a storied hangover cure. Budae-jjigae . (Serves 2-4) Courtesy of Choi Ji-hwang . Ingredients: . 1 12-oz can of Spam, cut into ½-inch slices . 1½ cups tong baechu kimchi, or traditional fermented cabbage (can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or Korean specialty store) 8 oz. sliced Korean rice cakes (can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or Korean specialty store) 1 white onion, thinly sliced . 2 spring onions, thinly sliced . 5 garlic cloves, crushed . 3 hot dogs, thinly sliced . 8 oz. ground pork . 3 tablespoons soy sauce . 2 tablespoons gochujang, or hot pepper paste (can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or Korean specialty store) 3 tablespoons gochukaru, or hot pepper flakes (can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or Korean specialty store) 3 tablespoons cheongju, or a clear rice wine similar to sake . 3 cups anchovy kelp broth (recipe below) 3 tablespoons baked beans . 1½ cups water . 1 package ramen noodles (just the noodles) For the anchovy kelp broth: . 1 dried shiitake mushroom . 4 large dried anchovies, heads and guts removed, wrapped in cheesecloth . 1 5x3" sheet of dried, edible kelp or kombu (can be found in a well-stocked supermarket or Korean specialty store) 4 cups water . ½ teaspoon salt . Cooking instructions: . 1. Place the ingredients for the anchovy broth in a pot and simmer for 20-30 minutes until the flavors are fully infused. Strain and set aside. 2. Place the Spam, kimchi, rice cakes, onions, garlic, hot dogs and ground pork in small separate piles in the bottom of a shallow pot. 3. Add the soy, gochujang, gochukaru and cheongju to the pot and slowly pour the anchovy kelp broth in. Put the baked beans on top and add the water. Place pot over high heat and bring contents to a steady simmer. 4. Cook for 5-10 minutes, then add the ramen noodles. Ladle broth over the noodles to help them break apart. Continue to cook for 2-3 minutes until noodles are just about cooked through, but definitely still chewy. Serve with steamed rice or enjoy on its own.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Parts Unknown" host Anthony Bourdain talks about his 24-hour trip to Korea.
Buddae-jjigae is a classic example of necessity being the mother of deliciousness.
The dish is a storied hangover cure, and it's also a Korean War-era staple.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.83
Total generated tokens: 356, Total accepted tokens: 356, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)This is week three of an ongoing series: A Catholic Reads the Bible. Read week one and week two. When I started this project, my brother texted me, "Wait until you get to Lot." By Sunday afternoon, I understood what he meant. I am horrified by the story of Lot in Genesis. Lot and the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah was new to me. I actually hadn't put two and two together that Sodom is the origin of the word sodomy. (Feel free to call me dense as you read this). Lot is the central character in the grim story of Sodom and Gomorrah's demise in Chapter 19. You are introduced to the city by Abraham who tries to save the town. In the preceding chapter, Abraham asks God to agree that if he can find 10 good people in the town, God won't smite it. God agrees. Lot is visited by divine emissaries to investigate if there are indeed enough good people to save the town. The men of the town come to seek out the new visitors for "intimacies." Ahem. Yeah. Hospitable bunch, huh? Those "intimacies," we are meant to understand, account for Sodom's wickedness. And I guess meant that the town was doomed. ("Intimacies" is the term used in my 1991 edition of the New American Bible. The revised edition refers to "sexual relations.") To protect the emissaries from the mob, Lot offers up his virginal daughters. Which. Ugh. Anyway, it doesn't work. There apparently aren't enough good men to save Sodom, which leads to God destroying yet another population in Genesis. Oh, and while Lot's chosen family members flee the destruction, Lot's wife turns around and is turned to salt. She had been warned not to look back. After God destroys Sodom, Lot's daughters worry that there aren't any men left, so they get their father good and drunk and have sex with him. They need to have children to keep the human race going, the logic goes, I guess. After reading that section, I put my Bible down. I couldn't read anymore. Then I read it again. What was I reading? What are the morals, the meaning, I'm supposed to get from these ghastly stories? This is not the God that I have known for nearly 42 years. It's not the version of the God I pray to daily. I truly don't believe in a God that wipes out a town in general because of sexuality. Why are they wicked? I don't believe that my God that would go after one group -- any group. The God that I pray to doesn't punish the "wicked" like this. I can't comprehend this version of God. I can't believe in that kind of God. There were much easier things to write about this week in the pages that I read. But, I want to be truthful with you, my readers. The Lot story struck me -- hard. I wish that I had answers for you as to why this happened or how it was written many years ago. But I don't. It could be that it was a tale told to make sure that people only had sex to have children. Or it could be a morality tale for the times. The truth is: I don't really know. I just know that my faith doesn't include the idea of such a punitive God. I now fully understand how you could devote your life to reading and analyzing the Bible. And when I read this rough draft to my brother, he said to me, "You have just hit the tip of the iceberg." So, I will continue reading.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: The story of Sodom and Gomorrah is found in the book of Genesis.
The story is told in the book of Genesis.
The story is told in the book of Genesis.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 357, Total accepted tokens: 357, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN) A Transportation Security Administration committee concluded that full screening of airport employees nationwide would not lower the overall risk to the public, according to a report released Monday. The report by the TSA's Aviation Security Advisory Committee said that full employee screening would not "appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection." Email your story ideas and tips to CNNtips@cnn.com. Full physical screening of employees also "is incapable of determining a person's motivations, attitudes and capabilities to cause harm, among other limitations." "No single measure can provide broad-spectrum protection against risks or adversaries," the report said. "Therefore, risk-based, multi-layered security offers the greatest ability to mitigate risks through the application of flexible and unpredictable measures to protect commercial aviation." The TSA and most airports could not afford 100% employee screening, the report said. Only two major airports in the U.S. -- Miami and Orlando -- require employees to be screened through metal detectors, a CNN investigation found earlier this year. As a result of the report, TSA Secretary Jeh Johnson announced immediate actions, including criminal background checks every two years for all airport aviation workers, screening of airline and airport employees traveling as passengers, reduction of access points to secure areas at all airports and increased random screening of aviation employees. Johnson requested the TSA study after a Delta Air Lines ramp worker and passenger at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport were arrested in December for allegedly smuggling guns onto flights to New York. Since the incident, the airport has hired private security to check the bags of employees when they show up for work and has increased overall security. "Immediately following the incident in December 2014, TSA increased the random and unpredictable screening of aviation workers at various airport access points to mitigate potential security vulnerabilities," Johnson said in a statement. Sen. Charles Schumer called Johnson's announcement "a prompt response and a significant first step to closing the gaping loopholes in airport security, especially with regard to reducing access points and enhancing criminal background checks." Specifically, the TSA report said employee vetting should be strengthened by "updating the list of disqualifying criminal offenses, instituting continuous activity monitoring through the inclusion of additional Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and DHS data sources, and maintaining a national database of airport employees whose credentials have been revoked for cause." In addition, the TSA should expand the collection of domestic intelligence, which would include monitoring social media, and expand national reward programs to encourage employees to report security issues, the report said. "Although there is no perfect security system, the multiple layers -- which can be routinely enhanced or modified -- provide an effective means to secure passengers, employees and facilities," the report said. It also recommended increased surveillance of employees who work inside baggage rooms and cargo areas. CNN revealed this month that passengers filed 30,621 claims from 2010 to 2014 for valuables that were missing from luggage. The TSA report agreed with a 2008 Homeland Security study that found random screening was more cost-effective than mandatory airport employee screening. The committee that conducted the TSA study consisted of representatives from the TSA, airports, airlines, airline pilots, aviation security and law enforcement. Rep. John Katko, R-New York and chairman of the House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation Security, said, "As threats to aviation security continue to evolve, it is critical that the Transportation Security Administration, as well as the airport community, are adequately prepared to mitigate insider threats. I look forward to having a meaningful dialogue with airport stakeholders and the TSA on what can be done, going forward, to improve employee vetting and screening for those with access to sensitive and sterile parts of airports." Rep. Kathleen Rice, D-New York, a ranking member of the Transportation Security Committee, said the report makes it clear that the "TSA must do more to neutralize the insider threat and prevent security breaches like we saw in December." "Screening every single employee may not be a cure-all solution, but every single employee should come to work every day with reason to expect that they'll face random screening and inspections," she said. Lauren Stover, security director at Miami International Airport, told CNN, "We support the findings of the committee and agree that there is no single solution in mitigating the insider threat, however we will continue our employee screening program as we believe that physical screening is a critical component to a layered security program." CNN's Curt Devine contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: TSA report: Full screening of airport employees would not lower overall risk.
Report: No single measure can provide broad-spectrum protection against risks.
Report: TSA should expand domestic intelligence, expand reward programs.
Report: TSA should expand surveillance of employees who work in baggage rooms.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 358, Total accepted tokens: 358, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The overturned convertible was smoldering, when police pulled up to it on a New Jersey roadway. The driver was pinned inside -- and unconscious. Not knowing when the car might burst into full flame, they scrambled to save her, while a police dash cam rolled. CNN obtained the footage from affiliate WPIX. Kinnelon Police Officers Mark Ehrenburg and Ricky Ferriola cut the seat belt from her, then dragged the woman's limp body away from the crash to start emergency medical care. Not a minute later, flames licked out of the car. Two more minutes -- an explosion. All three were lucky to escape the flames. The rescue started when someone reported an erratic driver on Thursday, and the officers sped off to investigate. When they pulled up at the scene, the 2006 Toyota Solara convertible was already a smoking wreck. Its horn was blaring. The officers ran over to the flipped over car, and shouted over the honking horn at the driver, "Can you hear me?" No response, not even a gesture, the video showed. It took them two minutes to cut off the seat belt, as smoke kept rising. Once they had her in safety, the officers hooked the driver up to a defibrillator and started CPR. The woman, identified by the Kinnelon Police Department as Dawn Milosky, 45, of Beachwood, New Jersey, was airlifted to Morristown Medical Center and survived. She's been charged with driving while intoxicated, having an open container of alcohol in the vehicle, reckless driving and with failure to stay in her lane, according to WPIX. Kinnelon Police Sgt. Chris Carbone told WPIX that they released the video to show that the driver may have died, if others had not informed the police. As for his colleagues' bravery, he said, "A lot of times, we don't think of our own safety doing this job." CNN's Ben Brumfield and Jackie Castillo contributed to this report .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN's Ben Brumfield and Jackie Castillo contributed to this report.
Kinnelon Police Officers Mark Ehrenburg and Ricky Ferriola cut seat belt.
The woman, identified as Dawn Milosky, was airlifted to Morristown Medical Center.
She's been charged with driving while intoxicated, having open container of alcohol.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 359, Total accepted tokens: 359, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It was a busy week for trending stories. If you weren't online much, here's some of the best of what you missed: . After the New York area received a large amount of rain, four rainbows appeared to stretch across the early morning sky on Tuesday. Amanda Curtis, CEO of a fashion company, snapped the lucky shot. In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice. Until now. Families will have to find a new way to cheer up mourners, because the strippers are the latest focus of the country's crackdown on vice. RDJ grew increasingly agitated as a Channel 4 interviewer from the UK asked about his private life on Tuesday. Oh, those Kardashians. They seem to spawn a new trend every other week. The latest: Lip plumping. By sucking on a jar. To look like Kylie Jenner. Seriously. It even has a hashtag: #KylieJennerChallenge. With help from some filmmakers, 102-year-old Alice Barker went back in time. A prom-posal that referenced bombs? One school wouldn't have it, but the prom-poser accuses administrators of racism. Ewan McGregor to play Lumiere in 'Beauty and the Beast' This cast continues to draw lots of interest on social media. Johnny Depp is nearly unrecognizable in the 'Black Mass' trailer . This chameleon strikes again. Here's one way to announce you're pregnant: reference "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air." And a military dad photobombs his son? Kudos for originality this week.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Four rainbows appear in New York after heavy rain.
In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice.
Families will have to find a new way to cheer up mourners, because the strippers are the latest focus of the country's crackdown on vice.
Johnny Depp is nearly unrecognizable in the 'Black Mass' trailer.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 360, Total accepted tokens: 360, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)This week is the 100th anniversary of what many historians acknowledge as the Armenian genocide -- the Turkish massacre of an estimated 1.5 million Armenians . And it's also the seventh year in a row President Barack Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide" to describe the atrocity. It's a moral position taken by Pope Francis, actor George Clooney and even by the Kardashians. On the 2008 campaign trail, Obama promised to use the word "genocide" to describe the 1915 massacre by Turks of Armenians -- a pledge he made when seeking Armenian-American votes. Back then, he held up his willingness to call it a "genocide" as an example of why he was the kind of truth-telling candidate the nation needed. 8 things to know about the mass killings of Armenians 100 years ago . In 2006, after the U.S. Ambassador to Armenia was asked to resign for using the term Armenian genocide, then-Sen. Obama hammered the Bush administration for not taking a stand. "The Armenian genocide is not an allegation, a personal opinion, or a point of view, but rather a widely documented fact supported by an overwhelming body of historical evidence," he said. But that was then. And now, as was the case with Bush, Obama regards Turkey -- the only Muslim majority country in NATO -- as a more crucial ally than Armenia. Turkey has the second-largest military in NATO, behind only the U.S., and is a crucial ally when it comes to Syria, ISIS, Iran and other Middle East issues. And Turkey denies this history. "We cannot define what happened in 1915 as a genocide," Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu told CNN on Tuesday. Why Turkey won't say the G-word when it comes to the Armenians . In her Pulitzer Prize-winning book about genocide, Obama's current Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power hammered U.S. policy makers for not acknowledging or acting to stop such atrocities. "No U.S. president has ever made genocide prevention a priority, and no U.S. president has ever suffered politically for his indifference to its occurrence. It is thus no coincidence that genocide rages on," she wrote.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: President Obama has broken his promise to use the word "genocide"
He has used the word "genocide" to describe the 1915 massacre by Turks of Armenians.
Obama has said Turkey is a more crucial ally than Armenia.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 361, Total accepted tokens: 361, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Two of the best actresses on television are back on "The Big Bang Theory" -- one of our six suggested things to watch this week. 1. "The Big Bang Theory," Thursday 8 p.m. ET, CBS . Sheldon and Leonard's moms are back, and that ought to make for one of the best episodes this season. TV's top comedy will see the return of Christine Baranski and Laurie Metcalf as the mothers of Leonard and Sheldon, respectively. Seeing as they're two of the most talented actresses on television, we should be in for a great episode, as the pair drive their sons crazy. 2. "Saturday Night Live," Saturday May 2 at 11:30 p.m., NBC . Scarlett Johannsson is the host, the day after her new blockbuster "Avengers" movie opens nationwide. 3. "Mom," Thursday 9:30 p.m., CBS . Allison Janney continues to deliver Emmy-worthy performances in this underrated Chuck Lorre dramedy. The season finale is this week. 4. "Backstrom," Thursday 9 p.m., Fox . Time will tell if the Rainn Wilson crime drama comes back in the fall, but fans of the quirky series won't want to miss the season finale. 5. "Blue Bloods," Friday 10 p.m., CBS . The Tom Selleck drama concludes its two-part season finale, although its future is in question. 6. "Younger," Tuesday 10 p.m., TV Land . This charming comedy from the creator of "Sex and the City" just got picked up for a second season. Now is a great time to tune in as Sutton Foster and Hilary Duff deal with a secret generation gap that one of them doesn't know exists.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "The Big Bang Theory" will see the return of Christine Baranski and Laurie Metcalf.
Baranski and Metcalf are the mothers of Leonard and Sheldon, respectively.
"Saturday Night Live" will see the return of Scarlett Johannsson as host.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 362, Total accepted tokens: 362, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Fast-food outlet Burger King will sponsor the wedding of an Illinois couple. Not just any couple -- these are the nuptials of Joel Burger and Ashley King. They accepted the restaurant chain's offer to pay for their July affair on Monday. "We are very appreciative of Burger King and can't thank them enough for their generosity!" said King. It all started after their engagement in October. The couple had a little fun with the name coincidence and posed by a Burger King restaurant sign for a photo. They were interviewed by reporter Dave Bakke of the State Journal-Register in Springfield, the state capital. Burger King got wind of the article and was immediately interested in the happy couple, tweeting for help to locate them. They were invited on Skype on Monday to learn of a surprise: Burger King will pay for their whole wedding. "We were shocked (and still are)," said King. The fast food romance was many years in the making. Burger, now 24, and King, 23, met in kindergarten and grew up together in New Berlin. In fifth grade, classmates Joel Burger and Ashley King were asked to stand as student council representatives during an assembly with a motivational speaker. "He said our names to the school," King told CNN, "and then laughed and pronounced that together we were Burger King." The motivational speaker wasn't too far off -- a merger was in the works. The two became friends by high school, then dated in college. When the time came to propose, "Joel took me out on his boat to go fishing, and he popped the question while we were on the water." Burger King's message for the happy couple: "Congratulations, Joel and Ashley on falling in love your way."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Burger King will pay for wedding of Joel Burger and Ashley King.
Couple met in kindergarten and grew up together in New Berlin.
They were interviewed by reporter Dave Bakke of the State Journal-Register.
Couple had a little fun with the name coincidence and posed by a Burger King restaurant sign.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 363, Total accepted tokens: 363, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)One of the biggest stars in mixed martial arts is wanted for questioning after a hit-and-run crash in New Mexico. Jon "Bones" Jones, the reigning UFC light heavyweight champion, is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident" Sunday morning, Albuquerque police said. A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident, police said. "Officers attempted to contact Mr. Jones at his residence Sunday evening, but were unsuccessful," Albuquerque police said in a statement. "We have also reached out to his lawyer, but as of now, have not heard back." Police stressed that they cannot confirm whether Jones was involved in the crash. CNN Sports has reached out to Ultimate Fighting Championship and Jones' attorney for comment. Jones, 27, is arguably UFC's biggest star in the sport's most respected weight class. But he has also had his struggles. In January, Jones entered a drug rehabilitation center after testing positive for cocaine in a test administered by the Nevada Athletic Commission. He checked himself out of rehab after one day of treatment. Jones is scheduled to fight Anthony Johnson in UFC 187 on May 23 in Las Vegas.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jon "Bones" Jones, the reigning UFC light heavyweight champion, is wanted for "his possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident"
Police: A pregnant woman in her 20s who was driving another vehicle suffered minor injuries in the accident.
Police: They cannot confirm whether Jones was involved in the crash.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 364, Total accepted tokens: 364, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)There will be no hate crime charges for two males arrested in the beating of a man that may have been sparked by a question about the 2014 shooting of Michael Brown. St. Louis police have charged Ronald Williams, 21, with assault.  A 15-year-old has also been arrested, according to authorities. There had been speculation that the suspects might be charged with a hate crime because the victim was white and the people who attacked him were black.  And because the punches were thrown following the Michael Brown reference. But that won't be happening. "Specifically, when put in context, it did not support the finding that the acts in this case met the elements of the hate crime statute in the state of Missouri, specifically proving the motivating factor behind the individual that we have charged, Ed Postawko with the St. Louis Circuit Attorney's Office told CNN affilaite KMOV. The beating, which occurred on a MetroLink light rail train, was caught on surveillance cameras and a passenger's cell phone camera. The passenger posted the video online, and it went viral. The victim, 43, said he was commuting home when a young black man asked to use the victim's cell phone. He declined, and the young man asked his opinion about the shooting of Michael Brown, an unarmed teenager killed by a police officer in nearby Ferguson, Missouri, last summer, the man said. That shooting raised questions nationwide about use of deadly force by police. "The next thing I know, he sucker punches me right in the middle of my face," the victim told CNN affiliate KMOV. The video showed a male unleashing a barrage of punches at the head of the victim, who covered himself with his hand and forearms. Two other males joined in, police said. The attackers fled. The man, who asked not to be identified, was treated at the scene for injuries and didn't go to the hospital.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ronald Williams, 21, and a 15-year-old have been charged with assault.
Police say the beating was sparked by a question about Michael Brown shooting.
The beating occurred on a light rail train, and the man was treated for injuries.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 365, Total accepted tokens: 365, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Nine of ten mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice ahead of their execution, according to a spokesperson for the Attorney General's office. "Seventy-two hours notification means three days, at least, to go to the execution. It may be longer. In other words, there will be no execution less than 72 hours after notification," Tony Spontana told CNN by phone Sunday. Though Indonesian officials said all 10 would be executed at the same time, Spontana said French national Serge Atlaoui had filed a challenge to the State Administrative Court on Thursday so his sentence has been delayed. Meanwhile, Edre Olalia, a lawyer acting for Philippines maid Mary Jane Veloso, told CNN Sunday that Veloso had telephoned her sister on Saturday at about 5:30 p.m. local time and said her execution will take place on Tuesday, April 28.  Officials at the Philippines Embassy in Jakarta confirmed the same information. According to her lawyers, Veloso unknowingly carried drugs into Indonesia, and that she was set up by members of a drug syndicate. On Friday, Indonesian officials advised relevant consular officials to travel to Indonesia's "execution island" -- Nusa Kambangan -- where the ten are being held -- a sign that the sentences may be carried out soon. They will face a firing squad. OPINION: Why executions won't win Indonesia's drug war . The ten on death row, which also include two Australian citizens Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran -- members of the so-called "Bali Nine" smuggling ring -- as well as prisoners from Ghana, Brazil, Nigeria and Indonesia, had their petitions for clemency denied by President Joko Widodo in late 2014. A statement Sunday from Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the Australian government had been notified that the execution of Chan and Sukumaran would be carried out "imminently." "I spoke to Mr. Sukumaran's mother Raji yesterday and assured her the government would continue to seek clemency from Indonesian President Widodo for both men. "They have been rehabilitated in a most remarkable way over the past ten years and are genuinely remorseful for their serious crimes. "Nothing can be gained and much will be lost if these two young Australians are executed. "I again respectfully call on the President of Indonesia to reconsider his refusal to grant clemency. It is not too late for a change of heart." The two Australians, convicted for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot, tried to challenge the President's decision earlier this month but lost an appeal for the State Administrative Court to hear their case. Their lawyers have since filed another review at the Constitutional Court. The Attorney General's office has said they would respect all ongoing court proceedings but insisted the inmates have exhausted all their legal options. Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with Indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths. On Saturday, United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called on Indonesia's government to reverse their decision. "The Secretary-General appeals to the government of Indonesia to refrain from carrying out the execution, as announced, of 10 prisoners on death row for alleged drug-related crimes," a spokesman for Ban said, according to various reports. Meanwhile, Human Rights Watch says President Widodo "has an important opportunity to signal Indonesia's rejection of the death penalty by sparing the lives of the 10 people facing looming execution." "Widodo can demonstrate true leadership by ending capital punishment as unacceptable state brutality," said Phelim Kine, deputy Asia director at Human Rights Watch, in a statement Saturday. "President Widodo should recognize that the death penalty is not a crime deterrent but an unjustifiable and barbaric punishment. Widodo should promote Indonesia as a rights-respecting democracy by joining the countries that have abolished capital punishment."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nine of 10 mostly foreign prisoners on death row in Indonesia have been given 72 hours notice.
French national Serge Atlaoui has filed a challenge to the State Administrative Court.
Edre Olalia, a lawyer for Philippines maid Mary Jane Veloso, says she will execute her sister on April 28.
Officials at the Philippines Embassy in Jakarta confirm the same information.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 366, Total accepted tokens: 366, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)At least four people are missing after a severe storm capsized sailboats Saturday afternoon during a regatta in Mobile Bay, Alabama, Coast Guard spokesman Carlos Vega said. Five people were initially reported missing, but one of them has since been been rescued, the Coast Guard said. More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race and as many as 50 people in all were rescued from the water, the Coast Guard said. Jeff Carter, deputy director of Mobile County Emergency Management, said his department is reporting that one person may have died. Besides overturned sailboats, one vessel hit a bridge, he said. Search and rescue efforts are ongoing, the Coast Guard said. Coast Guard Sector Mobile received a report at approximately 4:30 p.m. that a sailing regatta in Mobile Bay had been struck by severe weather, causing several vessels to capsize and leaving a number of people in the water. The Coast Guard and other agencies were on the scene Saturday night, Vega said. The Fairhope Yacht Club sponsors the Dauphin Island Race, according to the club website. The club says this is the 57th year for the event.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Coast Guard: At least four people are missing after storm capsizes sailboats.
One person has been rescued, Coast Guard says.
More than 100 sailboats took part in the Dauphin Island Race.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 367, Total accepted tokens: 367, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)You probably never knew her name, but you were familiar with her work. Betty Whitehead Willis, the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign, died over the weekend.  She was 91. Willis played a major role in creating some of the most memorable neon work in the city. The Neon Museum also credits her with designing the signs for Moulin Rouge Hotel and Blue Angel Motel . Willis visited the Neon Museum in 2013 to celebrate her 90th birthday. Born about 50 miles outside of Las Vegas in Overton, she attended art school in Pasadena, California, before returning home. She retired at age 77. Willis never trademarked her most-famous work, calling it "my gift to the city." Today it can be found on everything from T-shirts to refrigerator magnets. People we've lost in 2015 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Willis died over the weekend at age 91.
She was the designer of the iconic "Welcome to Fabulous Las Vegas" sign.
She also designed the signs for Moulin Rouge Hotel and Blue Angel Motel.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 368, Total accepted tokens: 368, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Hey, look what I did. That small boast on social media can trigger a whirlwind that spins into real-life grief, as a Texas veterinarian found out after shooting a cat. Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head and posted a proud photo this week on Facebook of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft. Lindsey added a comment, CNN affiliate KBTX reported. "My first bow kill, lol. The only good feral tomcat is one with an arrow through it's head! Vet of the year award ... Gladly accepted." Callers rang the phones hot at Washington County's Animal Clinic, where Lindsey worked, to vent their outrage. Web traffic crashed its website. High price of public shaming on the Internet . Then an animal rescuer said that Lindsey's prey was probably not a feral cat but the pet of an elderly couple, who called him "Tiger." He had gone missing on Wednesday, the same day that Lindsey posted the photo of the slain cat. CNN has not been able to confirm the claim. As the firestorm grew, Lindsey wrote in the comments underneath her post: "no I did not lose my job. Lol. Psshh. Like someone would get rid of me. I'm awesome!" That prediction was wrong. The clinic fired Lindsey, covered her name on its marquee with duct tape, and publicly distanced itself from her actions. "Our goal now is to go on and try to fix our black eye and hope that people are reasonable and understand that those actions don't anyway portray what we're for here at Washington Animal Clinic," said Dr. Bruce Buenger. "We put our heart and soul into this place." The clinic told WBTX that Lindsey was not available for comment. CNN is reaching out to her. She removed her controversial post then eventually shut down her Facebook page. Callers also complained to the Brenham Police Department and Washington County Animal Control, as her Facebook post went viral. The sheriff's office in Austin County, where the cat was apparently shot, is investigating, and Lindsey could face charges. Its dispatchers were overloaded with calls, the sheriff posted on Facebook. "We are asking you to please take it easy on our dispatchers. As soon as the investigation is complete, we will post the relevant information here on this page," the post read. Animal rights activists are pushing for charges. "Animal cruelty must be taken seriously, and the guilty parties should be punished to the fullest extent of the law," said cat advocacy activist Becky Robinson. Her organization, Alley Cat Allies, is offering a $7,500 reward for evidence leading to the arrest and conviction of the person who shot the cat. But others stood up for Lindsey. "She's amazing. She's caring," said customer Shannon Stoddard. "She's a good vet, so maybe her bad choice of posting something on Facebook was not good. But I don't think she should be judged for it." She dropped off balloons at the animal clinic for Lindsey with a thank you note. CNN's Jeremy Grisham contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Dr. Kristen Lindsey allegedly shot an arrow into the back of an orange tabby's head.
Lindsey posted a proud photo of herself smiling, as she dangled its limp body by the arrow's shaft.
Lindsey added a comment, CNN affiliate KBTX reported: "My first bow kill, lol"
Lindsey's prey was probably not a feral cat but the pet of an elderly couple, rescuer says.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 369, Total accepted tokens: 369, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Tickets will go on sale after an agreement on allocation was reached for the May 2 fight between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. In what Pacquiao's promoter, Bob Arum, dubbed the "fight of the century," disagreements have hampered the release of the tickets because of questions over how many tickets would be allocated to each fighter for the highly-anticipated Las Vegas event. "There was a craze for tickets and under our agreement with Mayweather Promotions, we felt we were being deprived of our fair share of the tickets (from) the standpoint of number and location," Arum told CNN. "It was very, very important to my fighter Manny Pacquiao, to the Philippines people... Manny has friends and family like you can't believe -- that will be in account for 800 or 900 tickets themselves." The cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $1,500 but demand for the fight is such that some seats could fetch as much as $11,000 on the secondary market. Kenny Bayless has been named as the referee of next month's fight between Mayweather and Pacquiao. The Nevada State Athletic Commission said Bayless, who has officiated more than 100 title contests, would take charge of the most anticipated bout in recent boxing history at the MGM Grand. The 64-year-old Nevada native, who has refereed five of Mayweather's bouts and seven of Pacquiao's, was described as "the best referee out there" by Pacquiao's trainer Freddie Roach. And Nevada State Athletic Commission executive director Robert Bennett said: "Kenny knows the pressure, stress and responsibility. "He's efficient and effective, and has proven to be successful over a number of years working in Las Vegas and other parts of the world. He's one of the best referees in the world." The commission also confirmed that three American judges -- Dave Moretti and Burt Clements of Nevada and Glenn Feldman of Connecticut -- had been appointed for the fight. "I think we have the best judges, and Kenny Bayless is the best referee out there," Roach said. "I think he's going to give us a fair fight." The welterweight world title fight is likely to smash all revenue records and become the richest bout in the sport's history, eclipsing the pay-per-view record of 2.4 million viewers for Mayweather's fight against Oscar De La Hoya in 2007. Speaking when the bout was confirmed in February, Pacquiao said: "I am very happy that Floyd Mayweather and I can give the fans the fight they have wanted for so many years. "They have waited long enough, and they deserve it." Mayweather and Pacquiao have been considered the best pound-for-pound boxers of their generation but a host of issues -- including differences over drug testing protocols as well as revenue splits and broadcaster conflicts -- have stopped the two from meeting in the ring. Both are coming to the end of their careers and have established interests elsewhere. According to Forbes, Mayweather, 38, is the highest paid athlete in world sport. Pacquiao, who is 36, has run for political office in his native Philippines.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao to meet in Las Vegas on May 2.
Disagreements over how many tickets would be allocated to each fighter.
The cheapest tickets for the bout are priced at $1,500.
The welterweight world title fight is likely to smash all revenue records.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 370, Total accepted tokens: 370, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)If you were mourning the loss of a loved one in China, at least the entertainment might have cheered you up. Until now. In rural China, hiring exotic dancers to perform at wakes is an increasingly common practice, but is now the latest focus of the country's crackdown on vice. Strippers are invited to perform at funerals, often at great expense, to attract more mourners, China's official Xinhua news agency said. Another report suggested another motivation: that the performances "add to the fun." Photos obtained by CNN from an attendee at a village funeral in Cheng'an County in Hebei Province show mourners of all ages, including children, watching the performance. The attendee, who asked not to be identified, said he was visiting family during the Lunar New Year holiday. While he was there, one of the elderly villagers died so he went to the funeral. "I felt something wasn't right," he told CNN. "The performance crossed the line. I had heard about hiring strippers to dance at funerals but had never seen it myself. I was shocked when I saw the strippers." He said the villagers said this kind of performance had been practiced for a while. "They didn't find it shocking or strange. They were used to it. "They told me, 'what if we can't watch (this kind of) performance after it gets exposed by the media?'" In some areas of China, the hiring of professional mourners, known as "kusangren" is commonplace. These can include performances, although in recent times the dance acts have increasingly tended towards the erotic. China's Ministry of Culture issued a statement Thursday announcing a crackdown on these funeral stripteases. It said that the ministry had investigated two separate incidents, one in Handan City, Hebei Province, and the other in Suqian City, Jiangsu Province. Both involved multiple-participant "burlesque" and "striptease" shows as mourners looked on. The Ministry's report said that stripteases undermined "the cultural value of the entertainment business," and asserted that "such acts were uncivilized." The practice has been going on for some time, the report said. Exotic dancing and other forms of pornography are illegal in China. The dancers in the two cases were held in "administrative detention" following the two investigations, the report added. The Ministry of Culture did not respond to CNN requests for comment. Last year, the Chinese Ministry of Public Security ordered police across China to step up efforts to tackle the "three vices" -- prostitution, gambling and drug trafficking -- warning officials they would be held accountable for illegal activities. In February 2014, a massive crackdown on prostitution in the southern manufacturing city of Dongguan, dubbed "Sin City" for its huge vice industry, raided 2,000 establishments and detained more than 900 people.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: China's Ministry of Culture announces crackdown on funeral stripteases.
Report: Hiring strippers to dance at funerals is an increasingly common practice.
Report: Dancers are held in "administrative detention" following two investigations.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 371, Total accepted tokens: 371, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)Nearly 6 in 10 Americans say that businesses that provide wedding-related services should be required to provide those services to same-sex couples in the same way they would all other customers, even if they have religious objections. A new CNN/ORC poll finds 57% feel businesses such as caterers or florists should be required to serve gay or lesbian couples just as they would heterosexual couples, while 41% say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons. That's a shift from a Pew Research Center poll conducted last fall, which found just 49% thought businesses ought to be required to serve same-sex couples while 47% that they should be allowed to refuse service on religious grounds. Since the Pew poll last fall, Indiana's Religious Freedom Restoration Act, signed into law in late March by Republican governor Mike Pence, sparked a nationwide controversy over whether the law allowed wedding-related businesses to refuse service to gay and lesbian couples. Apple, Walmart and the NCAA all spoke out against the law, while some states and cities with Democratic leaders barred spending public money in Indiana. Pence and other Indiana legislators insisted discrimination was not the law's intent and a bill to change the original law was signed in early April. In the CNN/ORC Poll, most Democrats (70%) and independents (60%) say wedding-related businesses should be required to provide services to same-sex couples as they would different-sex couples, while Republicans break broadly the other way, 67% say religious reasons are a valid justification for refusing service. Full poll results . Looking at Republicans and independents who lean toward the Republican Party, 60% in that group say wedding-related businesses should be allowed to refuse services to same-sex couples, but there are sharp divides within that group by age and ideology. Moderate and liberal Republicans and Republican-leaners broadly say wedding-related businesses should be required to serve all couples the same way (58%) while three-quarters of conservative Republicans favor allowing a caterer or florist to refuse service for religious reasons (74%). Among Republicans and Republican-leaning independents under age 50, 56% say wedding-related businesses should be required to serve same-sex and different-sex couples the same way while among those age 50 or older, 72% think they should not be required to do so. The big gay wedding cake quiz . Age differences hold across party lines, but the generation gap among Republicans and Republican-leaners is larger than that among Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents. Overall, white evangelicals are broadly in favor of allowing businesses to refuse service for religious reasons - 62% say they should be able to. But among whites who are not evangelicals, 61% say such businesses should be required to provide services to all couples the same way. The shift from the Pew Center results comes across demographic lines. Men, women, whites, younger adults and senior citizens all are more apt than in the Pew poll to say wedding-related business should be required to serve same-sex couples as they do others. The CNN/ORC International poll was conducted by telephone, April 16-19, among a random national sample of 1,018 adult Americans. Results for the full poll have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 3 percentage points. Michigan auto repair shop says yes to gun owners, no to homosexuals .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN/ORC poll: 57% say businesses should be required to serve same-sex couples.
41% say they should be allowed to refuse service for religious reasons.
Poll: Most Democrats and independents say wedding-related businesses should be required to serve same-sex couples.
Poll: Republicans break broadly the other way, 67% say religious reasons are a valid justification for refusing service.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 372, Total accepted tokens: 372, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Rome (CNN)Italy is coping with a rising wave of desperate migrants from Africa and Middle East hoping to make it to Europe. From Friday to Monday, a total of 8,480 migrants were rescued, according to the Italian coast guard, which said it received on Monday -- alone -- SOS calls from 20 boats in distress. On Tuesday, a spokesman with Save the Children told CNN the group fears 400 migrants could be missing, citing testimony from survivors who said their ship carrying 550 people capsized in the Mediterranean Sea about 80 miles off the Libyan coast. The Italian coast guard, however, told CNN that while it is taking the report seriously, it cannot confirm such an incident and has not yet found evidence at sea to indicate a migrant boat carrying approximately 550 has capsized with 145 rescued. An operation that included boats and planes did not find any survivors, nor bodies, nor any evidence to indicate a particular boat capsized, Coast Guard official Filippo Marini said. There has been a recent upsurge in migrant boats crossing the Mediterranean into Italy and an increase in rescues performed by the Italian Coast Guard to aid migrant boats. Why migrants are dying trying to reach Italy . According to the International Organization for Migration, Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants arriving in the first three months of 2015, and about 2,000 were rescued at sea during the first weekend of April in the Channel of Sicily. Most migrants recorded this year come from countries in West Africa as well as Somalia and Syria, the IOM said. They use Libya as a country of transit. At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year, often because of bad weather and overcrowded vessels used by smugglers, the IOM said. Sometimes the captains and crews abandon the ships, leaving passengers to fend for themselves. Last week: 978 migrants rescued in one day in Mediterranean Sea . CNN's Ralph Ellis contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Coast guard says it has rescued 8,480 migrants.
NEW: Coast guard says it has not found evidence of a capsized boat.
NEW: Save the Children says 400 migrants could be missing.
NEW: At least 480 migrants have died while crossing the Mediterranean since the beginning of the year.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 373, Total accepted tokens: 373, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A mom furious at her son for apparently taking part in the Baltimore riots has become a sensation online. In video captured by CNN affiliate WMAR, the woman is seen pulling her masked son away from a crowd, smacking him in the head repeatedly, and screaming at him. As he tries to walk away, she follows him, screaming, "Get the f--- over here!" Eventually, he turns toward her, his face no longer covered.  The boy is dressed in dark pants and a black hoodie, with a dark backpack on. WMAR reports that the woman saw her son on television throwing rocks at police. The name of the woman dressed in light blue jeans, a yellow lace tunic and a cropped yellow jacket was not immediately known. But Police Commissioner Anthony Batts thanked her in remarks to the media. "And if you saw in one scene you had one mother who grabbed their child who had a hood on his head and she started smacking him on the head because she was so embarrassed," he said Monday.  "I wish I had more parents that took charge of their kids out there tonight."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Woman smacks son repeatedly in the head, screaming at him.
Boy is dressed in dark pants and a black hoodie, with a dark backpack on.
Police Commissioner Anthony Batts thanked woman in remarks to the media.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 374, Total accepted tokens: 374, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Kathmandu, Nepal (CNN)We came on a commercial flight to Kathmandu. Blue tarps were visible from the sky for people to hide under -- signs that there was something wrong. We had to circle the airport for a couple of hours. There were a couple of issues. There was an aftershock this afternoon, so they were checking the runway for damage. Military and aid flights have priority, and a few military planes -- Indian military planes -- were going in, trying to bring in aid. Whether they did is unclear. When we landed at the airport, it was wet and cold. A couple of thousand people were lining the road to the entrance to the airport trying to get out. But there's no way to get out, really. There were torrential rainstorms for a couple of hours, and with the strong aftershock a couple of hours ago, no one wants to go inside. The residents of Kathmandu sure don't. You can see some structural damage to buildings. Most buildings are not up to high construction standards. Fallen: Nepal's historic landmarks . Driving through the city, there's not a huge amount of visible damage. There's some damage to houses and buildings, but it's not as visual as the Haiti earthquake (of 2010). We were able to drive the main road to the hotel we're staying at, but they're not allowing anyone inside because of the aftershocks. The guests are in a big tent used for functions on the lawn. People are squeezed in. There are probably about 100 people in there. The tents are covered, but water is seeping in from streets puddled with water, especially around the edges of the tent. So people are outside in the rain with no shelter. It's visually stark, with people in the streets. It's colder than usual this time of year. I'm cold and damp. When it's almost May, it's usually much hotter. There's very little power in the city -- no power to speak of, no drinking water. For the residents, it's really bad. Very soon, they will need shelter. Temporary shelters have been put up, but very few -- 16 -- by the government. It looks like a city where buildings have been abandoned. People are hanging out in public squares and at intersections to avoid rubble from buildings. Those who survived -- and those who didn't . There are issues with fuel in the city, and driving in, all the stores were shuttered. You occasionally see a cart with food or a few bottles of drinking water, but for the most part, nothing is being sold in the city. I don't think they're very concerned about looting, and there's no military in the streets, but they will have to get water and food in the city soon. Communal kitchens have been set up for cooking. Not by the government -- people set them up on their own. People are beside themselves in shock. Their biggest concern now is the structures, needing a place for shelter, to hide from the elements and sleep. Food will become the biggest concern in the coming days. Kathmandu isn't the epicenter though. No one's sure what it's like at the epicenter. People haven't been able to get to outlying areas. We haven't been able to corroborate this, but the people we're talking to here say there's damage to the villages outside Kathmandu -- thousands of houses damaged to the north, closer to the epicenter. CNN's Ingrid Formanek reported from Kathmandu and Mark Morgenstein wrote in Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Aftershocks damage buildings in Kathmandu.
NEW: Residents of Kathmandu don't want to go inside.
NEW: People are outside in the rain with no shelter.
NEW: No power in the city -- no drinking water.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 375, Total accepted tokens: 375, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Gunshots were fired at rapper Lil Wayne's tour bus early Sunday in Atlanta. No one was injured in the shooting, and no arrests have been made, Atlanta Police spokeswoman Elizabeth Espy said. Police are still looking for suspects. Officers were called to a parking lot in Atlanta's Buckhead neighborhood, Espy said. They arrived at 3:25 a.m. and located two tour buses that had been shot multiple times. The drivers of the buses said the incident occurred on Interstate 285 near Interstate 75, Espy said. Witnesses provided a limited description of the two vehicles suspected to be involved: a "Corvette style vehicle" and an SUV. Lil Wayne was in Atlanta for a performance at Compound nightclub Saturday night. CNN's Carma Hassan contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: No injuries reported in Atlanta police shooting of rapper Lil Wayne.
Police are still looking for suspects.
Police: Drivers of the buses said the incident occurred on Interstate 285 near Interstate 75.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 376, Total accepted tokens: 376, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A professor at Texas A&M Galveston said in an email to his strategic management students that they were a disgrace, that they lacked maturity -- and that he would fail the entire class. Irwin Horwitz, an instructional associate professor in the university's department of maritime administration, told CNN affiliate KPRC that he had finally reached a breaking point. "Enough was enough," Horwitz said. "It became apparent that they couldn't do just some of the most simple and basic things that they should've been able to do at that point." In the email to students, KPRC reported, Horwitz said: "I have seen cheating, been told by students to 'chill out,' 'get out of my space,' 'go back and teach' refuse to leave the room after being told to do so following inappropriate conduct, called a 'f*****g moron' several times by a student to my face..." Horwitz added that students spread hurtful rumors about him, his wife and colleagues, and that he felt the need for police protection in class. John Shaw, a senior at Texas A&M Galveston and student in Horwitz's class, told KPRC he was worried about the job he has lined up after graduation. "Just ridiculous, because, I mean, I had never had a problem in the class," Shaw said. "I thought I had done pretty well, done pretty well on the first test and everything else that's going on. I get an email saying I am going to get an F in the class, and just kind of -- it was overwhelming." Texas A&M Galveston is a part of the Texas A&M University System; its more than 2,000 students focus on marine and maritime studies. Patrick Louchouarn, the vice president for academic affairs and chief academic officer, told KPRC that the university will not necessarily stand by the failing grades Horwitz planned to hand out. University officials said the department head will take over teaching the strategic management class. "None of them have failed until the end of the class, meaning the only reason a student would fail is because he or she hasn't performed the actual, you know, with the expectations for that particular class," Louchouarn said. University officials have not yet responded to CNN's request for comment.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Texas A&M Galveston professor says students lack maturity.
He says he will fail the entire class.
Students spread hurtful rumors about him, his wife and colleagues.
Texas A&M Galveston is a part of the Texas A&M University System.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 377, Total accepted tokens: 377, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It is not hard to imagine the conversations inside the Hillary Clinton camp prelaunch: How do we take the best known woman in the world and make her seem like less of a big shot? How can the people in Iowa and New Hampshire get to know the "real Hillary," the Midwestern Methodist? (As a friend told me, she's someone who "likes to sing 'God Bless America' on New Year's Eve.") And how to open the minds of people about someone everyone already has an opinion about? Same questions, no doubt, that the staff asked in 2008 when she ran against the newbie Barack Obama, and same questions they asked when, as first lady, she ran for the Senate in New York. In that race, she ended up spending a lot of all-ears quality time in upstate New York. In this race, she could be spending a lot of all-you-can-eat time at Diners, Drive-ins and Dives — just like the TV show. (Except Guy Fieri would probably have been recognized by the crowd at Chipotle. Just sayin.' ) Dining aside, it's hard -- almost impossible -- to soft-launch a campaign with a superstar politician.  All the gauzy ads and the small classrooms and the coffee shops can't mask the Houdini-like effort Hillary Clinton is making to escape the inescapable reality -- that even her "Scooby-Doo" van is followed by throngs of press. (I half imagined an O.J. moment with a helicopter hovering as she made her way down I-80.) Try as she might to launch with a humble start — not entitled to anything — she still is who she is. Virtually unchallenged. Not to mention famous, accomplished and controversial. In watching it all unfold, it's hard to underestimate the task at hand. It's also hard to figure out whether it's actually going to work. Hillary Clinton — and her experienced campaign team — are disciplined and relentlessly on message. That's usually a good thing when you're running a presidential campaign. But when you're sitting at a community college in Iowa and you tick off your rationale for running and your resume — unprompted — it seems less effective and more oddly incongruent. (Especially when the former secretary of state described her tenure in five words — as "standing up for our country." Short shrift, it seems to me.) Maybe it's that the old lessons of message discipline don't work in the informal environment the campaign is trying to create — at least not with this candidate. The hardest combination in politics is that just-right mixture of spontaneity and discipline. The ability to understand exactly what you have to say (over and over) and then say it as if you have never said it before. And look like you're having a great time doing it. We like to call it authenticity, but it's probably not. It's a honed skill that combines connection and gravitas, both of which the voters demand in a president. (A majority of voters -- 53% --  say they want to vote for someone who has been financially successful, as opposed to someone who has not.) So there's this balance: If you're too much like them, you're nothing special to vote for. But if you're too different, you're not relatable. It's a balance that doesn't come easily to Hillary Clinton. But she's not alone. When President George H.W. Bush was running for re-election in 1992, he was facing his own image issues. His populist challengers were calling him insensitive to middle class woes in the struggling state of New Hampshire. Bush tried mightily to drop the presidential persona, did some town halls, and famously declared:  "Message: I care." Some said he actually read it from a cue card, but he also said this: "I don't know what I have to do to convince people here that I really care about this (the economy). I do." He lost. To an empathetic I-feel-your-pain Bill Clinton. And the rest, as they say, is history. Or, in Hillary's case, at least trying to make history.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hillary Clinton is running for president of the United States.
She is a well-known, accomplished woman.
She is also controversial.
Clinton's campaign is trying to balance authenticity and message discipline.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 378, Total accepted tokens: 378, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A video shoot in Nepal for an Internet comedy series took a serious turn on Saturday as the earth began rumbling. The Nepali Pranksters were in the middle of shooting an episode for their hidden camera series when the magnitude-7.8 earthquake broke out. The team kept the camera rolling as they moved through the crowded streets, surveying destruction to homes and historic sites and capturing scenes of heroism and chaos. The Nepali Pranksters' videos show people's reactions to various "pranks" that challenge cultural norms. One video shows the pranksters walking up to strangers and taking their hands for a long, awkward, handshake; another shows them complimenting men and women on their clothes and appearance, with mixed results. For their next prank based on Nepal's ban on plastic bags, Ashish Prasai and Akash Sedai were in Jawalakhel, Sedai said in an email to CNN. The town, in Lalitpur District, is home to Nepal's famed Central Zoo. The camera was rolling when they felt the ground shaking around 11:55 a.m., Sedai said. People started screaming and crying and vehicles came to a standstill as a building collapsed in the background. But earthquakes are a fact of life in Nepal, and "we were still thinking it was a just a simple earthquake," Sedai said. They kept the camera rolling for 18 minutes as they traversed the streets full of crying and shouting people. They found homes destroyed, where people were pulling survivors out from piles of rubble. They stopped and talked to motorists, urging them to keep the streets clear for emergency vehicles, Sedai said. They continued filming as they made their way to to the historic Dharahara tower and Basantapur Durbar Square, a UNESCO world heritage site, where people crawled among the ruins. By then, they realized their country was in a "very bad condition," Sedai said. The Nepali Pranksters made it through the first day of the earthquake, as did their families, Sedai said. But with aftershocks and crumbling infrastructure still posing threats, safety is a temporary state of mind right now in Nepal. "We are scared. ... Earthquakes waves are occurring now," he said. "Hope we will be alive and the problem will get solved soon."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nepali Pranksters shoot an episode for their hidden camera series.
The team kept the camera rolling as they surveyed destruction.
The Nepali Pranksters' videos show people's reactions to various "pranks"
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 379, Total accepted tokens: 379, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: New Delhi, India (CNN)As the earth shook in Nepal, tremors were felt over the border in India as well. It was a call to action: Within hours of the first 7.8 magnitude quake, India began planning a massive cross-border aid mission. With each hour, the scale of the devastation in Nepal became clearer -- some 3,862 people are known to have died so far -- and plans in India, where 72 people were also killed, got bigger. On Sunday alone, India delivered 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water, 22 tons of food and 2 tons of medicine. And there will be more to come. Hundreds of trained disaster relief troops landed in Kathmandu and quickly got to work. With each flight in, there was a flight back out, packed with Indians and other nationals escaping to safety: 2,000 and counting have fled so far. By Monday, India was in full-scale crisis mode: From airports across India, planes flew in loaded with aid, and trucks made the trip by land from India's east, aiming for more remote areas. On the ground: Devastation in Nepal . India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a special effort over Nepal. He has visited the country twice in his first year in office. And on Sunday, in his national radio address to the nation, he said Indians needed to "wipe the tears of every Nepali, hold their hands, and stand with them." It all highlights the more proactive role taken by India in recent months. Just weeks ago, India flexed its military muscle to rescue Indians and other nationals from conflict-torn Yemen. Now, it is taking the lead in Nepal. Some might say India's friendship is a signal for the other big country that shares a border with Nepal: China. A display of hard power, perhaps to achieve enduring soft power in the region. But in times like this, help is always welcome. First there's the immediate search and rescue operation, and then the long process of rebuilding work. Nepal will need India's friendship -- as well as China's -- for many long months ahead.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: India begins massive cross-border aid mission in Nepal.
India has delivered 187 tons of supplies, including 50 tons of water.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has made a special effort over Nepal.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 380, Total accepted tokens: 380, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)An off-duty member of the Uniformed Division of Secret Service was arrested Friday in Washington and charged with first-degree attempted burglary, a felony, and one misdemeanor count for destruction of property, the D.C. Metropolitan Police Department reported. Arthur Baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in Southeast Washington, according to documents provided by the police department. He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance has been suspended, the Secret Service said. Baldwin is assigned to the Foreign Missions Branch, according to U.S. Secret Service Spokesman Brian Leary. That branch is responsible for working with the diplomatic community in Washington. A police officer went to a residence about 12:24 a.m. after receiving a call about a burglary in progress, police documents said. The officer found the front door with broken hinges, boot prints and two broken windows, the documents say. The woman who lives there told the officer, "My ex-boyfriend won't leave me alone." While the D.C. Metropolitan Police officer was at the scene, Baldwin drove up, said he was a police officer and asked to speak with the woman, the police document said. When asked if he kicked in the door, Baldwin said, "I kicked the door but did not ... break the windows," the document said. When a CNN reporter asked for a comment Friday during an arraignment, Baldwin said, "No, you'll get me in trouble." His next court date is April 23. The U.S. Attorney's Office said the charge of attempted first-degree burglary carries a sentence of up to five years in prison. The charge of destruction of property carries a sentence of up to 180 days in jail and/or a fine of up to $1,000. RELATED: Secret Service supervisor accused of making unwanted sexual advances . The incident comes as the Secret Service is trying to mend its reputation after numerous issues concerning the discipline and professionalism of its officers have come to light recently. More specifics on this incident were not yet available. Leary also said the Secret Service's "Office of Professional Responsibility will investigate this matter."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Arthur Baldwin, 29, was arrested at a woman's residence in Southeast Washington.
He has been placed on administrative leave and his security clearance suspended.
Baldwin is assigned to the Foreign Missions Branch, which works with diplomats.
The charge of attempted first-degree burglary carries a sentence of up to five years.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 381, Total accepted tokens: 381, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Seoul (CNN)South Korea's Prime Minister Lee Wan-koo offered to resign on Monday amid a growing political scandal. Lee will stay in his official role until South Korean President Park Geun-hye accepts his resignation. He has transferred his role of chairing Cabinet meetings to the deputy prime minister for the time being, according to his office. Park heard about the resignation and called it "regrettable," according to the South Korean presidential office. Calls for Lee to resign began after South Korean tycoon Sung Woan-jong was found hanging from a tree in Seoul in an apparent suicide on April 9. Sung, who was under investigation for fraud and bribery, left a note listing names and amounts of cash given to top officials, including those who work for the President. Lee and seven other politicians with links to the South Korean President are under investigation. A special prosecutor's team has been established to investigate the case. Lee had adamantly denied the allegations as the scandal escalated: "If there are any evidence, I will give out my life. As a Prime Minister, I will accept Prosecutor Office's investigation first." Park has said that she is taking the accusations very seriously. Before departing on her trip to Central and South America, she condemned political corruption in her country. "Corruption and deep-rooted evil are issues that can lead to taking away people's lives. We take this very seriously." "We must make sure to set straight this issue as a matter of political reform. I will not forgive anyone who is responsible for corruption or wrongdoing." Park is in Peru and is expected to arrive back to South Korea on April 27. CNN's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: South Korean PM Lee Wan-koo offers to resign amid political scandal.
Lee has transferred his role of chairing Cabinet meetings to the deputy PM.
Lee has been under investigation for links to South Korean President Park Geun-hye.
Lee has adamantly denied allegations as the scandal escalated.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 382, Total accepted tokens: 382, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A photo of a baby boy being pulled from the rubble of the Nepal earthquake has become the defining image of a disaster that has devastated the country. His tiny face is coated in dust from the debris that crashed around him as the earth shook on Saturday, April 25, killing more than 5,000 people and injuring at least twice as many more. His name is Sonit Awal, and he's just four months old. On Saturday, Sonit was at home in Muldhoka, Bhaktapur, east of the capital Kathmandu, when the 7.8-magnitude quake sent tremors through Nepal and neighboring countries, according to Kathmandu Today. The house collapsed, burying the child, leaving his father Shyam Awal frantically searching for him amid the rubble. A desperate Awal called the Nepalese Army, and they too scrambled through the dirt and debris until midnight, before giving up hope and leaving. Sonit's father had lost all hope of finding his son alive, the paper reported, until he heard faint cries from below. On Sunday morning, the soldiers returned and at 10 a.m they lifted Sonit clear of the fallen rocks, beams, bricks and dust that had trapped him for 22 hours. His rescuers held him high in their hands to the sun, though his eyes were still wedged tightly shut. Sonit's face was exposed during the whole ordeal, though a hooded top and shawl protected his head and body during the cold night spent under rubble. The baby was taken to Bhaktapur Hospital and found to be uninjured; . His unlikely rescue provides some hope to a country that has experienced so much loss.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Baby Sonit Awal is pulled from rubble of Nepal earthquake.
Sonit is four months old and was trapped for 22 hours.
Sonit's father Shyam Awal lost all hope of finding his son alive.
Sonit was taken to hospital and found to be uninjured.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 383, Total accepted tokens: 383, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)[Breaking news update, posted at 5:22 p.m. ET] . None of the girls rescued from raided Boko Haram camps in Nigeria has been identified thus far as among the missing Chibok girls, a high-ranking Nigerian army official said. The official did not rule out that captives from other Boko Haram camps that were raided might be girls abducted in April 2014 from a school in Chibok. The official said he would have the final word by day's end on Wednesday. [Previous story, posted at 4:52 p.m. ET] . Nigerian troops rescued 200 girls and 93 women Tuesday in the Sambisa Forest, the Nigerian Armed Forces announced on its official Twitter account. The armed forces could not immediately confirm if any of the rescued girls were among the 200 schoolgirls the militant group Boko Haram kidnapped in April 2014 from the village of Chibok. Military spokesman Maj. Gen. Chris Olukolade said the rescued girls and women are still being screened and none has spoken to their families yet. The 2014 mass abduction from Chibok led to an international social media movement, #BringBackOurGirls, to rescue them. Boko Haram, a militant Islamist group, has been kidnapping females for years and has hundreds in their custody. Nigerian troops also captured and destroyed three terrorist camps in the Sambisa Forest, the armed forces said. Chibok and the Sambisa Forest are both in the northeastern part of the country. Olukolade said troops are still combing the forest. In recent weeks, Nigerian troops and vigilantes moved into the Sambisa Forest, a known hideout for Boko Haram. Last Wednesday the troops had to retreat because of explosive devices Boko Haram planted in the forest, according to military sources and a vigilante who was with the troops. On Monday, troops re-entered the forest and on Tuesday afternoon they raided two Boko Haram camps and rescued scores of girls and women. Information about the fate of the kidnapped schoolgirls has been spotty and inconsistent, with some school officials giving conflicting figures for the number of girls who were abducted or escaped their captors. "We have no idea where the Chibok girls are or were," CNN correspondent Christian Purefoy said Tuesday. The name Boko Haram translates to "Western education is sin" in the local Hausa language. The group has said its aim is to impose a stricter enforcement of Sharia law across Nigeria, which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south. CNN's Jennifer Z. Deaton contributed to this report. Journalist Aminu Abubakar reported from Hotoro, Kano, Nigeria and CNN's Ralph Ellis wrote from Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nigerian troops rescue 200 girls and 93 women from Boko Haram.
Nigerian troops also capture and destroy three terrorist camps in the Sambisa Forest.
Chibok and the Sambisa Forest are both in the northeastern part of the country.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 384, Total accepted tokens: 384, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Peshawar, Pakistan (CNN)Ten people have been sentenced to life in prison for their roles in the 2012 attack on Nobel Peace Prize-winning activist Malala Yousafzai, a judge announced Thursday. The assailant's conviction and sentences follow a trial that included testimony from both sides, according to Pakistani antiterrorism judge Mohammad Amin Kundi. The 10 were arrested in Swat, a district of Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, Pakistani army spokesman Maj. Gen. Asim Bajwa said last September. That was nearly two years after the then 15-year-old Yousafzai -- who was despised by Taliban militants for her outspoken support of girls' right to an education -- was shot as she was traveling home on a school bus. She not only survived that attack, but went on to become an even more vocal international activist. In fact, her efforts helped earn her the Nobel Peace Prize -- which she shared with India's Kailash Satyarthi -- last year. Malala at U.N.: The Taliban failed to silence us . Journalist Zahir Shah reported from Peshawar, and CNN's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Malala Yousafzai was shot as she was traveling home on a school bus.
She not only survived that attack, but went on to become an even more vocal activist.
In fact, her efforts helped earn her the Nobel Peace Prize last year.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 385, Total accepted tokens: 385, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Robert Downey Jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a British journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie Downey was there to promote. The journalist instead started asking personal questions about the actor's political beliefs and "dark periods" of addiction and jail time. Twitter, of course, is abuzz: Did journalist Krishnan Guru-Murthy go too far? Must every interview be a license for a journalist to ask anything he'd like? From the start of the 7-minute television interview, it seems evident that Downey is not particularly interested in being there, even if being there was, ultimately, a benefit to him -- after all, he's promoting his latest film, "Avengers: Age of Ultron." He grows increasingly agitated, even as the line of questioning remains on-topic; his attitude, meanwhile, grew increasingly smug. His eyes glaze over as the reporter talks, he makes condescending comments and gestures that seem intended to intimidate and imply he's much smarter than Guru-Murthy, and he repeatedly looks toward his handler as if to say, "Do I really have to sit here with this guy?" At one point, he makes fun of Guru-Murthy for seeming nervous, saying, "Your foot is starting to jump a little bit. You better get to your next question." But it's after Guru-Murthy asks Downey whether he thinks he is "free from all of that," referring to Downey's history of "taking drugs, drinking" that the building tension comes to a head. "I'm sorry," says Downey, "What are we doing?" To which Guru-Murthy replies, "I'm just asking questions," which indeed was so. Downey has the right to refuse to answer the question, of course, but that's not what he does next. Instead, he throws the celebrity interview equivalent of a tantrum: He smiles arrogantly, says "bye!" and stands up to leave. He sure showed him! It's true that we live in a culture where we feel we have the right to know everything about celebrities -- who they're dating, what they're eating, where they vacation, what they meant when they made that comment 10 years ago. Journalists often go too far, even if it's their job. And certainly not every journalist is good at his job. But while Downey may be understandably tired of answering questions about his past, questions that have been asked before, his business is our business. The entertainment industry is about entertaining people. As such, we tend to like to watch actors who seem like they want to be watched. This is why most celebrities, especially those with a big budget movie to promote, agree to interviews and seek out recognition in general. But when the recognition no longer serves them? Then they want to bemoan it? What Downey seemed to misunderstand is that the interview format gives journalists the right to ask questions. That's what an interview is. He certainly can decline to answer questions he does not feel are appropriate, or even ones he simply doesn't feel like answering. But he does not have the right to be absolved for behavior that is rude, demeaning, and disrespectful -- even if he's a celebrity, and even if he felt uncomfortable or put-off. What the video shows is a movie star with a bullying streak. After he removes his microphone and his handlers begin hustling him out with kid gloves, the actor cannot resist a parting shot. He turns to the reporter, being sure to look directly at the camera on the way, and says, "You seem okay. It's just getting a little Diane Sawyer in here," followed by what sounds like, "and you're kind of a schmuck." Downey might not have been "in the mood" to be questioned... and those days, those moods, are understandable. We all have them. And yet in this case, that's, well, too bad. The actor has agreed to an interview as part of his job. He has agreed to engage in a conversation with another professional human being. Given the terms, he is not entitled to call all the shots. That he thinks he can is perhaps our own, celebrity-obsessed doing -- we revere the famous; is it any surprise when they reveal that they, too, regard themselves as better than everyone else? But it's still on him.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Robert Downey Jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview.
The journalist instead started asking personal questions about Downey's political beliefs.
The actor has the right to refuse to answer the question, of course.
But he does not have the right to be rude, demeaning, and disrespectful.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 386, Total accepted tokens: 386, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)When Les Moonves sits down at a restaurant in Hollywood, it's usually the waiter's lucky night. As the president and CEO of CBS Corp., which includes Showtime, Moonves runs a powerful television network in a town where nearly every waiter also wants to be an actor. But when he walked into Craig's in West Hollywood last year, those roles were reversed. This time, Moonves' waiter, Gabriel Salvador, was the one serving up a mouthwatering opportunity that had nothing to do with the shrimp diavolo. Instead, he was offering Moonves an "in" to the most coveted match-up in boxing: Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquiao. "Moonves' love of boxing, our love of boxing -- that gave me the confidence to say to him 'Give me a chance,'" said Salvador, an actor who has appeared in "Bones" and "Blue Bloods." "I said 'I can help you make this fight happen,' and he looked at me like, 'Okay, I'm listening.'" That's when Salvador told Moonves his son trained at the Hollywood gym owned by Freddie Roach, Pacquiao's trainer, and that he would put in a good word for Moonves. At that point, Salvador told CNN, he was driven more by his passion to see the fight happen than any real connection to Roach. But he got Roach's phone number from his son, Elijah, who was skeptical of his father's plan. Everybody had already tried, his son said. But Salvador made the call and gained an audience in Roach. "I said, 'Listen, I can help you make this fight happen,'" Salvador said in an interview with CNN. Salvador helped set up a meeting between Moonves, Roach and himself at Scarpetta in Beverly Hills that he says began with a discussion about the legacy of boxing. "Mr. Moonves said to me, 'If this fight happens, you're going to be sitting there,'" said Salvador. Salvador's role ended after that dinner. What followed was a series of meetings between Moonves and both sides that eventually ended the stalemate keeping Pacquiao and Mayweather from entering the same ring. The May 2 fight -- on the pay-per-view services of Showtime and HBO -- is expected to gross as much as $600 million. With that kind of money, and a smattering of media buzz around Salvador's story, inevitable questions circulated over what, if any, reward he should get, given the epic nature of the fight. When asked to comment, Pacquiao's team downplayed Salvador's role. "For him giving Les my phone number I don't think he deserves a finder's fee," Roach told CNN. Promoter Bob Arum said Salvador "got his 10 minutes of fame," though he called Salvador "a really nice guy." Salvador insists he is not seeking money, and a CBS spokesman confirmed his role in the initial meeting. "My reward will be sitting at the fight," Salvador said. Moonves made good on that promise -- Salvador will be ringside on Saturday night. "It's about taking a chance," Salvador said. "It's about putting people in touch with each other and being able to sit back and say, 'Wow, I planted that seed.'"<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Les Moonves' waiter, Gabriel Salvador, was the one serving up a mouthwatering opportunity.
Salvador was offering Moonves an "in" to the most coveted match-up in boxing.
Salvador says he was driven more by his passion to see the fight happen than any real connection to Roach.
The May 2 fight -- on the pay-per-view services of Showtime and HBO -- is expected to gross as much as $600 million.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 387, Total accepted tokens: 387, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Melamchi, Nepal (CNN)Even from high above, flying in an Indian Air Force helicopter, it is easy to see that the people of Melamchi, central Nepal, are happy to see us. Residents in this remote village, about a 44km drive from Nepal's capital, Kathmandu, stand on the distinctive steeply terraced hillsides and wave furiously as the relief flight passes overhead. The mission, a joint effort between Indian air crew and a Nepalese army medical team, is only the third operation of its kind to reach the village since Saturday's massive 7.8-magnitude quake, which left more than 5,000 people dead. The aircraft is stuffed to capacity with tents, medicines and packages of tinned tuna, instant noodles and rice, all bundled haphazardly aboard the Mi-17 by soldiers at the air base in Kathmandu barely 15 minutes earlier. Local official Upendra Tamang is there to greet the helicopter as it touches down on a field in front of the village medical clinic, and waiting soldiers swing into action to unload the delivery. He says people have been desperately awaiting the supplies. The situation in Melamchi and the surrounding villages is "dire," he tells CNN through a translator. According to Nepal's National Emergency Operation Center, 1,376 people were killed in Sindhupalchok District, where Melamchi is located, when the earthquake hit. Some 18,000 houses were destroyed and 100,000 people have been displaced in the surrounding area, says Tamang. "Everyone is sleeping outside," he says. He has serious concerns about food supplies in the region, saying the piled boxes of rice and noodles aren't nearly enough to meet the needs of local people. "Aid agencies need to do something very quickly," he says. In the days since the quake, injured people from the region have been told to find their way to Melamchi so they can be picked up by the relief flights, he says. They've sent about 500 of the most seriously injured people for treatment in Kathmandu already -- the majority by road -- but many more are stuck in a local clinic waiting for help. Seven of them, five women and two men, are suddenly driven onto the airfield in a truck and on the back of a pickup. Their injuries are not life-threatening, but they look to be in a bad state: bloodied, exhausted and traumatized. An elderly woman's face is covered in bandages that look like they haven't been changed in days. Another cries in pain as she is loaded on to a stretcher from the back of the pickup, then awkwardly hoisted on to the helicopter. Among the injured brought on board the flight is Forshani Tamang, accompanied by her son. He tells CNN their family lives in a village called Bachunde, where nearly all the houses were destroyed. He and other family members carried Forshani for four hours to reach Melamchi. With their home destroyed and their stores of grain lost, the family are in crisis. As the helicopter takes off for the capital, flying over a landscape dotted with collapsed buildings and bright orange tents, Nepalese army doctor Naveen Tiwari offers perhaps the only positive for those on board. The patients' injuries are mostly lacerations of varying degrees, he says. Their vital signs are all stable, and with antibiotics and intravenous drips, they should recover. When the helicopter touches down at Kathmandu airbase, the patients are swiftly unloaded and unceremoniously laid out on the tarmac in the emergency triage area in front of an aircraft hangar, and paramedics scramble to administer IV drips to those in need . As Forshani's son feeds her a cracker softened with water, the relief team turn to prepare for another mission. How you can help victims of the Nepal earthquakeNepal earthquake's victims overwhelm hospitals .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mission is only the third of its kind to reach the village since the quake.
Local official says people have been desperately awaiting the supplies.
Aid agencies need to do something very quickly, he says.
Patients' injuries are mostly lacerations of varying degrees.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 388, Total accepted tokens: 388, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Atlanta (CNN)A judge, declaring he wasn't "comfortable" with seven-year prison terms given earlier to three educators in the Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal, on Thursday reduced their sentences to three years in prison. "I'm not comfortable with it," Fulton County Superior Court Judge Jerry Baxter said of the sentences he handed down to the three defendants April 14. "When a judge goes home and he keeps thinking over and over that something's wrong, something is usually wrong." Tamara Cotman, Sharon Davis-Williams and Michael Pitts also were ordered Thursday to serve seven years on probation, pay $10,000 fines and work 2,000 hours in community service. Baxter had come under fire from some community leaders for giving prison sentences to eight teachers and administrators who stood trial and were convicted of racketeering. They'd been accused of taking part in an effort to raise tests scores at struggling schools by erasing wrong answers and putting in correct answers. Outside of court, Benjamin Davis, the lawyer for Cotman, questioned the judge's rationale in handing down heavy sentences a few weeks ago. "I had never seen a judge conduct himself in that way," he said. "What was going on with Judge Baxter?" Davis-Williams said she was pleased judge Baxter changed his mind. Her attorney, Teresa Mann, added, "We are happy. We are elated that judge Baxter took the opportunity to reflect." Cotman, Davis-Williams and Pitts, all school reform team executive directors, got the harshest sentences during an April 14 hearing: Seven years in prison, 13 years of probation and $25,000 fines. Baxter said of his change of mind: "I'm going to put myself out to pasture in the not-too-distant future and I want to be out in the pasture without any regrets." During the earlier sentencing hearing, Baxter was frustrated when defendants didn't admit their guilt. "Everybody knew cheating was going on and your client promoted it," Baxter said to an attorney representing Davis-Williams. At one point he said, "These stories are incredible. These kids can't read." At a press conference held April 17, most of the convicted educators insisted they were innocent. "I didn't cheat. I'm not a racketeer," said Diane Buckner-Webb, a former elementary teacher. All defendants sentenced to prison have appealed and are out on bond. The lower prison sentences given to other defendants -- ranging from one to two years -- have not been reduced. Prosecutors said the cheating is believed to date back to 2001, when scores on statewide aptitude tests improved greatly, according to a 2013 indictment. The indictment also states that for at least four years, between 2005 and 2009, test answers were altered, fabricated or falsely certified. Michael Bowers, a former Georgia attorney general who investigated the cheating scandal, said in 2013 that there were "cheating parties," erasures in and out of classrooms, and teachers were told to make changes to student answers on tests. Bowers said he heard that educators cheated out of pride, to earn bonuses, to enhance their careers or to keep their jobs. Of 35 Atlanta educators indicted in 2013, more than 20 took a plea deal. Twelve educators went on trial six months ago, with 11 convicted and one acquitted on April 1. Of the 11 convicted, two took a deal in which they admitted guilt, waived their right to appeal and received much lighter sentences. One defendant was giving birth during the sentencing phase not been sentenced. On Thursday, Baxter urged the defendants to engage in community service while they're appealing. He said that might lighten the punishment if the convictions are upheld. The judge said he was tired of dealing with the Atlanta Public Schools cheating scandal, which he referred to as "this mess." "I'm ready to move on. So, anyway, adios," Baxter said, and ended the hearing.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Judge: "I'm not comfortable with it," he says of the sentences he handed down.
Tamara Cotman, Sharon Davis-Williams and Michael Pitts also ordered to serve 7 years.
Baxter had come under fire for giving prison sentences to eight teachers and administrators.
Prosecutors say the cheating is believed to date back to 2001.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 389, Total accepted tokens: 389, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)About a dozen Native American actors have walked off the set of an Adam Sandler movie comedy, saying the satirical Western's script is insulting to Native Americans and women, according to a report. The walkout occurred Wednesday on the set of "The Ridiculous Six" near Las Vegas, New Mexico, according to the Indian Country Today Media Network. The script called for native women's names such as "Beaver's Breath" and "No Bra" and an actress portraying an Apache woman to squat and urinate while smoking a peace pipe, ICTMN reported. "When I began doing this film, I had an uneasy feeling inside of me and I felt so conflicted. ... We talked to the producers about our concerns. They just told us, 'If you guys are so sensitive, you should leave,' " said Allison Young, a Navajo and one of the actors who left the set. "Nothing has changed," she told ICTMN. "We are still just Hollywood Indians." "They were being disrespectful," added David Hill, a Choctaw actor. "They were bringing up those same old arguments that Dan Snyder uses in defending the (Washington) Redskins. But let me tell you, our dignity is not for sale." Produced by Sandler's Happy Madison Productions as part of a four-picture deal with Netflix, "The Ridiculous Six" also stars Will Forte, Taylor Lautner, Steve Buscemi, John Turturro, Nick Nolte, Luke Wilson and Rob Schneider, among others. The ICTMN describes the movie as a Western spoof on "The Magnificent Seven," the 1960 classic about gunfighters who protect a village from a group of bandits. The movie was co-written by Sandler and is being directed by his frequent collaborator Frank Coraci. Actors playing historical figures include David Spade as General Custer, Blake Shelton as Wyatt Earp and Vanilla Ice as Mark Twain, according to the Internet Movie Database. Sandler had not commented publicly on the walkout as of Friday morning, although people were criticizing him in comments posted on his Facebook page. "Hey Adam, act like an adult for once. Respect others, especially Native Americans," wrote one commenter. In a statement sent to CNN and other media outlets, Netflix defended the movie as satire: . "The movie has ridiculous in the title for a reason: because it is ridiculous. It is a broad satire of Western movies and the stereotypes they popularized, featuring a diverse cast that is not only part of -- but in on -- the joke." The Native American actors who spoke to ICTMN weren't laughing, however. One, Loren Anthony, posted a photo to Instagram from the set Monday along with a comment saying, "Having a good time, great cast, great crew and feeling blessed to be here." But by Wednesday, the Navajo actor had become disillusioned and joined others in walking out. He told ICTMN he felt insulted because costumes he and others wore to portray Apache Indians were not authentic. "We were supposed to be Apache, but it was really stereotypical and we did not look Apache at all. We looked more like Comanche," he said. According to ICTMN, a Native American adviser hired to help ensure the movie's cultural authenticity also walked off the set in protest. Hill, the Choctaw actor, seemed to hold out hope that differences between the producers and Native American cast members could be resolved . "I hope they will listen to us," he told ICTMN. "We understand this is a comedy, we understand this is humor, but we won't tolerate disrespect." In photos: A glimpse of life on the reservation .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: About a dozen Native American actors walk off set of "The Ridiculous Six"
The script called for native women's names such as "Beaver's Breath" and "No Bra"
The movie is a Western spoof on "The Magnificent Seven," the 1960 classic.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 390, Total accepted tokens: 390, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: London (CNN)Congolese immigrant Tarsis Mboma Thale has a small business selling T-shirts in Johannesburg, South Africa. Thale's job normally requires him to walk the streets of the city he has called home for the past few years. But at the moment, he says, this is not an option. Because he is simply too afraid. The reason is a wave of anti-immigrant violence that has swept the country in recent days, leaving several dead as authorities scrambled to detain those responsible and prevent further bloodshed. The cause of this surge in violence is murky, with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments about foreign nationals from the Zulu king, local media reported, others saying a labor dispute between locals and foreigners back in March turned nasty. Unemployment in impoverished areas has also been a factor. The violence has caused thousands of immigrants to seek refuge at police stations and shelters. Thale fears he'll be attacked if he goes to work. "I'm scared to go to town because I do not know when these people can attack and it's stressful for me," he told CNN. "We're close to month end -- how am I going to pay the rent and feed my wife?" CNN spoke to several immigrants living and working in South Africa about the crisis, which has caused South African President Jacob Zuma to postpone an overseas visit and left authorities scrambling to prevent further clashes. On Tuesday the country's Defense Minister said South Africa would deploy troops to areas where police spread too thin in order to halt the attacks. Zimbabwe immigrant Stanley Ndlovu says he is so frightened he dare not venture outside, not even to go to the local mall. He works in Johannesburg as a cleaner and gardener, and also runs a small tuck shop where workers can buy food and basic supplies at his place of work. It's a role he hears many South Africans say should belong to them alone. He feels the South African government has been far too slow to respond to the violence, which has erupted intermittently in various cities over the past few years. "To stop violence they need to arrest and sentence the perpetrators," he says. Meanwhile, Eric Kalonji left the Democratic Republic of Congo and arrived in the South African capital in 2012, working as a waiter until the restaurant he worked at closed in January. Now devoting himself to his studies in New Zealand, he feels that the situation in South Africa is more complex than a simple case of "us versus them." He believes the blame lies heavily on what he calls the government's failure to provide its people with jobs and education. "This xenophobia thing is the result of a deeper malaise (in) South Africans" he says. "A better policy from the government should be empowering the people with wider access to education so that they will qualify for the jobs that they say they deserve." OPINION: Labeling South Africa turmoil 'xenophobia' scapegoats poor blacks . Kodwo Amissah Benyi, a hotel receptionist originally from Ghana, now lives in the town of Louis Trichardt in South Africa's Limpopo province. He's far from the worst of the violence, but still close enough to follow the news with alarm. "I fear it may spread because I don't know what may spark unrest," he said. However he praised the government's response to the attacks. "The government is in crisis mode and Pretoria (the South African government) is responding well by verbally condemning the attacks and showing force on the ground," he said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Anti-immigrant violence has swept the country in recent days.
Cause of this surge in violence is murky, with some blaming alleged inflammatory comments.
Thousands of immigrants have sought refuge at police stations and shelters.
South Africa's Defense Minister says South Africa will deploy troops to areas where police spread too thin.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 391, Total accepted tokens: 391, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Some of the men and women of the Indianapolis police force are giving up their blues. Beginning Friday, blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members of the Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department (IMPD). In a statement, the department said the change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure  "accountability, professionalism and transparency... at the forefront of our day-to-day activities." As police departments around the country see more protests over the use of lethal force, IMPD officials acknowledge that this is a time of "increased scrutiny of police operations and tactics," but said the decision to change the uniform for certain ranks within the department is "not related to any specific, individual incident occurring elsewhere in the United States." Although it's not a total uniform makeover, police officials said the white shirts will make command-level staff immediately identifiable to those who don't recognize the rank badges on officers' collars, the statement said. The new color will be worn by majors, district commanders, deputy chiefs, assistant chiefs and the chief of police. "Command staff personnel have the responsibility of publicly leading from the front, while being accessible to the members of the general public they serve," the statement said.  "Those wearing white uniform shirts can and should be viewed as the final point of contact to the police department." Some studies have shown that while any police uniform is usually perceived by the public as a sign of authority, lighter-colored uniforms may give a sense of goodness and safety.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Blue uniform shirts will be traded for white ones for command staff members.
White shirts will make command-level staff immediately identifiable.
The change is being made as part of its constant effort to ensure "accountability"
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 392, Total accepted tokens: 392, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)Add another fan-favorite character to the cast of next year's "X-Men: Apocalypse," with director Bryan Singer announcing via Instagram that Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in the follow-up to "X-Men: Days of Future Past." Singer revealed that the "Newsroom" actress would play Betsy Braddock in the movie (presumably before the confusing and complicated plot twist that saw Psylocke change from a Caucasian former supermodel to a Japanese ninja for no immediately obvious reason). "Apocalypse" is currently in production for a summer 2016 release. More: "X-Men: Apocalypse" casts fan favorite Jubilee . The comic book's Psylocke was created by Chris Claremont and Herb Trimpe for the British "Captain Britain" series, where she appeared throughout the 1970s and '80s, before joining the X-Men in 1987's "Uncanny X-Men" No. 213. Since that time, she has been a mainstay both of the main team and spin-off series including "Exiles" and "X-Force." More: What newcomers need to know about Marvel's "Secret Wars" Munn will join a cast that includes James McAvoy, Michael Fassbender and Jennifer Lawrence in the movie, which hits theaters May 27, 2016. Munn is repped by Creative Artists Agency and Atlas Artists. More: Does the big plot twist in "Terminator Genisys" blow up the franchise? ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Olivia Munn will play the telepathic Psylocke in the follow-up to "X-Men: Days of Future Past"
Psylocke was created by Chris Claremont and Herb Trimpe for the British "Captain Britain" series.
The comic book's Psylocke appeared throughout the 1970s and '80s before joining the X-Men.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 393, Total accepted tokens: 393, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)They left Iran unwillingly, often in a hurry. It was for the best for these refugees. Iran is a difficult place to be gay or lesbian. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the former President of Iran, famously said during a 2007 trip to the United States, "In Iran, we don't have homosexuals, like in your country." Of course, they do live there, in fear of being discovered. Homosexuality is illegal. You can be executed if convicted of engaging in sexual acts. Kissing another person of the same sex can earn corporal punishment, like lashes. Others have been pressured to undergo gender reassignment. Psychologists in Iran have reportedly pushed LGBT patients toward hormone therapy and eventually surgery. Some flee the country before surgery, as do other homosexuals who believe they may be outed. Many come to Turkey, and the small town of Denizli is host to hundreds of gays and lesbians from Iran who are now in limbo. Photographer Laurence Rasti, the Swiss-born daughter of Iranian parents, flew from her home in Geneva, to Denizli to explore her fascination with identity issues in Iran. "I couldn't understand that in Iran (homosexuality) isn't accepted," she said recently by phone from Geneva. "A lot of my friends are gay. And for me it was a huge cultural difference between Europe and Iran." Rasti, whose yearlong project was part of her studies at Ecole Cantonale d'Art de Lausanne, said that when she first went to Turkey, it was difficult to get people to pose. They didn't trust her motives, didn't trust strangers, she said. It was a process to become friends. She would talk to the potential subjects about their stories then discuss with them her ideas for what the photo would be like. "I took a little part of their story to imagine a photograph," she said. There was another challenge. Social media . Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography. "It was a work about identity even though we don't see faces," she said. She hopes the images will give back to each of these people the face that their country has "temporarily stolen." Rasti, 25, said once people understood her sincerity, and the anonymity of the project, they agreed to be photographed. Rasti, a photographer for four years, used her Mamiya 7 to give people a view into the spirit of these refugees. Despite their status -- they cannot earn a living in Turkey and it take years to getting papers to go to a new country -- the refugees are still full of hope and love despite their rough lives, Rasti said. It's even more remarkable, she said, when you consider how they never imagined having to flee the land they loved and then lie to their families, many telling their kin they left to pursue their studies. Most will eventually go on to a third country. Rasti said she remains friends with some of her subjects who now live in Canada. A few will return to Iran, hoping to keep their homosexuality a secret. Rasti hopes her photos spark dialogue. "The reason I did this project is, I want use photos to talk about something that I think is important," she said. "I wanted to let people know people know it is not unnatural. When people are afraid of something or don't accept something, I think we should talk about it." Laurence Rasti is a Swiss-born Iranian photographer based in Geneva.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Laurence Rasti is a Swiss-born Iranian photographer based in Geneva.
She says she was inspired by the plight of Iranian gays and lesbians.
She hopes her photos will give back to each of these people the face that their country has "temporarily stolen"
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 394, Total accepted tokens: 394, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Marvel Comics superhero Hawkeye is a master with the bow and arrow. He's also got a secret super-talent at singing Ed Sheeran parodies. The" Avengers" character (played by Jeremy Renner) was a guest on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon," where he got behind the piano to showcase some of his other skills. Billboard: Jimmy Fallon hits hot 100 with 'Ew!,' featuring will.i.am . "Listen I've got powers too, and they're pretty sweet. I promise I can do so much more than just archery," he crooned to a reworked version of "Thinking Out Loud". Those talents, we're told, include his collection of scarves and berets, his abilities on the trombone and he can open a pickle jar. Nope, Thor would definitely thump him in a fight. Renner has proved he's more than a one-hit wonder by starring in both "Avengers" films, the Oscar-winning "The Hurt Locker," "American Hustle: and films in the "Bourne" and "Mission Impossible" franchises. Watch the clip below: . See the original story at Billboard.com. ©2015 Billboard. All Rights Reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hawkeye is a Marvel Comics superhero who plays Jeremy Renner.
He's a master with the bow and arrow, but he also has a secret super-talent.
He can sing Ed Sheeran parodies, and he can open a pickle jar.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 395, Total accepted tokens: 395, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Love it or hate it, Jared Leto's interpretation of the Joker is an internet sensation. The Oscar winner put on white makeup (and a lot of tattoos this time) to portray the Clown Prince of Crime in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad." Set for release August 5, 2016, "Suicide Squad" is based on the DC Comics series and also stars Will Smith, Margot Robbie and Viola Davis. Twitter users got their first look at Leto in character Friday night, and the memes started almost immediately. From comparisons to "Home Alone" to an imagining of Ben Affleck tatted up, people on social media put their Photoshopping skills to work all weekend. Which is your favorite?<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Oscar winner Jared Leto is set to play the Joker in the upcoming movie "Suicide Squad"
The movie is based on the DC Comics series and also stars Will Smith, Margot Robbie and Viola Davis.
Twitter users got their first look at Leto in character Friday night.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 396, Total accepted tokens: 396, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It's a hard-knock life, Jay Z, especially on Twitter. The uber private rapper/entrepreneur broke out of his usually reserved social media shell over the weekend to defend the performance of his new music streaming service, Tidal. Using the hashtag #TidalFacts, he attempted to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job in taking on competitor Spotify. He launched the subscription-based music service last month with a star-studded  news conference in which artists such as Madonna, Kanye West, Daft Punk and Jay Z's wife, Beyonce, came together in support of what singer Alicia Keys told the crowd was "The first ever artist-owned global music and entertainment platform." CNN Money: Jay Z's TIDAL music service to be owned by artists . But less than a month after its debut, there's been chatter that the service is underwhelming, and Jay Z's "stream of consciousness" tweets denying that were met with some derision. And, of course, a Tidal Facts parody Twitter account was quickly created to offer some "facts" of its own.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jay Z launches Tidal music service last month.
He attempted to refute talk that the company has been doing a less than stellar job.
Jay Z's "stream of consciousness" tweets denying that were met with some derision.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 397, Total accepted tokens: 397, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Los Angeles (CNN)Former rap mogul Marion "Suge" Knight pleaded not guilty Thursday to murder and all other charges related to a fatal hit-and-run incident in January in Compton, California. His attorney asked the court to further reduce Knight's bail, now set at $10 million, but Los Angeles County Judge Ronald Coen denied the request. The judge lowered Knight's bail earlier this month, to $10 million from $25 million, after defense lawyers called the $25 million figure excessive for the circumstances. Knight faces one count of murder for the death of Terry Carter, one count of attempted murder in the case of Cle "Bone" Sloan, who was maimed in the incident, and one count of hit-and-run. Knight, 49, faces up to life in prison if convicted. He is accused of running over the two men during an argument. In court testimony earlier this month, Sloan, 51, declined to identify Knight as his attacker because Sloan doesn't want to be a "snitch" who sends Knight to prison, according to CNN affiliates KABC and KTLA. Prosecutors offered Sloan immunity, but he still refused to testify against Knight during the preliminary hearing, the affiliates reported. The deadly incident occurred about 11 miles south of downtown Los Angeles on January 29, after a flare-up on the set of the biopic "Straight Outta Compton," a film about the highly influential and controversial rap group N.W.A. At the time, Knight was out on bail in a separate robbery case. The alleged argument spilled over to the parking lot of Tam's Burgers in Compton. The hit-and-run was captured on videotape, which shows Knight inside a red truck. In the video, the truck pulls into the entrance of the Compton restaurant and is approached by Sloan, who was working security at the site. The two men appear to talk for a few moments, with Knight still in his vehicle. Suddenly, the vehicle backs up, knocking Sloan to the ground. While still in reverse, the truck moves out of range of the security camera. The vehicle is then seen zooming forward, back into camera range, running over Sloan a second time, and then running over the second man, Carter, a former rap music label owner. Carter, 55, later died. Knight's attorney Matthew Fletcher has argued that Knight was the victim and was only defending himself against Sloan, whom the defense attorney accused of possessing a gun at the time. Fletcher added that Knight's defense was to stand his ground. The incident is the latest run-in with the law for Knight, who founded the wildly successful Death Row Records in 1991 and signed artists such as Snoop Doggy Dogg (now known as Snoop Lion) and Tupac Shakur. Knight was driving the car in which Shakur was a passenger when the rapper was shot to death in Las Vegas in 1996. Shortly afterward, Knight spent several years in prison for violating parole on assault and weapons convictions. That prison time -- along with Shakur's death, feuds between Knight and a number of rappers, and desertions by Dr. Dre, Snoop and others -- contributed to the label's bankruptcy in 2006. In August, Knight and two other people were shot while inside a celebrity-filled Sunset Strip party hosted by singer Chris Brown on the eve of the MTV Video Music Awards.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Knight faces up to life in prison if convicted.
He is accused of running over the two men during an argument.
Sloan, 51, declined to identify Knight as his attacker.
Knight's attorney: Knight was the victim and was only defending himself.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 398, Total accepted tokens: 398, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Famed cosmologist Stephen Hawking has proved his comedy chops on shows like "The Big Bang Theory," and now he's trying his hand at musicals. Hawking has partnered with the silly lads of Monty Python to recreate the signature "Galaxy Song" from their 1983 film "The Meaning of Life." The collabo is in honor of Saturday's Record Store Day, when the 7-inch single will be available for sale. The accompanying video is guaranteed to be the most awesome thing you see today. In it, fellow scientist Brian Cox rails against the inaccuracies in "Galaxy Song" when a fed-up Hawking, who has ALS, zooms up in his wheelchair and knocks over Cox. Hawking continues singing the song in his signature computerized voice. Hawking then launches into the stratosphere for a trippy ride and lesson on the cosmos. The scene is derived from a filmed bit that Monty Python uses during its live shows. 40 years of 'Holy Grail': The best of Monty Python . "Galaxy Song" song was written by Python member Eric Idle, along with John Du Prez, and is "an intricate and informative lecture on the enor-mity of the Universe fashioned into a bewitching and, above all, highly amusing pop song," according to the comedy troupe's site. Hawking's version is available for download. It's not Hawking's first music gig; he's also featured on the Pink Floyd song "Talkin' Hawkin.'" The original version of "Galaxy Song" is below. A sampling of the lyrics: "Just remember that you're standing on a planet that's evolving and revolving at 900 miles an hour. That's orbiting at 19 miles a second so it's reckoned. A sun that's the source of all our power. The sun and you and me and all the stars that we can see are moving at 1 million miles a day. In an outer spiral arm at 40,000 miles an hour of the galaxy we call the Milky Way."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Stephen Hawking has teamed up with Monty Python to recreate "Galaxy Song"
The song is a parody of the 1983 film "The Meaning of Life"
Hawking's version is available for download.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 399, Total accepted tokens: 399, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tehran, Iran (CNN)The Basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to Iran's religious leaders; their mission is to protect the country's Islamic order. To do that, they will go to any lengths necessary, including -- they say -- taking on ISIS. "We all are prepared to go and destroy ISIS totally," one Basij commander told CNN. "If our Imam, our Supreme Leader orders us, we will destroy ISIS." The commander says that, so far, the Basij has not been caught up in the fight against the feared Islamic extremists currently waging war in parts of Iraq and Syria. But Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force, led by General Qassem Suleimani, is already training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS. Suleimani was accused of involvement in the Shia insurgency against U.S. forces during the Iraq war. Today he is a celebrity to many Iraqis and Iranians. That is symbolic of the gulf that still exists between Iran and the U.S., regardless of any thaw in relations in the wake of the recent agreement on a framework nuclear deal and ongoing talks. Iran, militias' involvement in ISIS fight a mixed blessing . Iranian officials, who believe their strategy is making a difference in the fight against ISIS, say they would like better cooperation with the U.S., but point out that the level of trust simply isn't there. "At the moment, we consider the United States to be a threat to us because its policies and actions are threatening to us," said General Ahmad Reza Pourdastan, commander of Iran's ground forces. "We would like the US to change its rhetoric and tone of voice so that our nation could have more trust in U.S. military leadership." And the feeling is mutual: the U.S., which is leading the air campaign against ISIS in Iraq, has denied any direct coordination with Iran. Iran will do what it takes to fight ISIS . Iranians believe air strikes against ISIS are not effective, and feel that the U.S. and its allies are not trying seriously enough to defeat the group. Iran's President Hassan Rouhani told CNN's Christiane Amanpour last September that "the aerial bombardment campaign is mostly ... a form of theater, rather than a serious battle against terrorism." "The battle in Iraq is very important to Iran," explained Mohammed Marandi, a professor at Tehran University. "The Iranians believe that the Americans, if they wanted to, could do a lot more to put pressure on their allies. And also, if they were serious about air strikes, they could do a lot more." It's a point the U.S., of course, disagrees with -- U.S. President Barack Obama has vowed to "degrade and ultimately defeat" the terror group. But Iran remains unconvinced. "If they want to destroy ISIS, it is possible for them to achieve that," said Major-General Hassan Firouzabadi, Iran's chief of general staff. "The U.S. military and intelligence organizations have many ways to strike at ISIS, but we have not seen anything so far except intelligence gathering from the U.S. and Britain," he said. "We hope that one day, because of their national interests and the will of their nations, the U.S. and the UK will decide to really fight ISIS." In ISIS, Iran and the U.S. share a common enemy, but -- for now at least -- no apparent common strategy.Will Iran-Saudi proxy war erupt?<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Basij is a militia made up of fighters loyal to Iran's religious leaders.
They will go to any lengths necessary to protect the country's Islamic order.
Iran's elite Revolutionary Guard's Quds Force is training, advising and supporting Iraqi Shia militias in their fight against ISIS.
Iranians believe air strikes against ISIS are not effective.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 400, Total accepted tokens: 400, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)Good news arrived Thursday for "Fifty Shades of Grey" fans. Universal announced Thursday that the sequel to the box office blockbuster will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017. The third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018. The news came one day after The Hollywood Reporter reported exclusively that the husband of EL James, author of the "Fifty Shades" trilogy, will write the script for the second film. Niall Leonard, who is married and has two sons with the British author, is an author himself, in addition to being a screenwriter. James, whose real name is Erika Leonard, has been credited with keeping a strong amount of creative control when it comes to Universal's adaptations of her books, the second of which is titled "Fifty Shades Darker." After clashing with James, Sam Taylor-Johnson isn't returning to direct the sequel. Stars Dakota Johnson and Jamie Dornan are negotiating for more money for the sequel after the first film, release over Valentine's Day weekend of this year, earned a massive $568.8 million worldwide. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Fifty Shades of Grey" sequel will hit theaters on Feb. 10, 2017.
Third film in the series will debut Feb. 9, 2018.
Author of the "Fifty Shades" trilogy, EL James, will write the script for the second film.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 401, Total accepted tokens: 401, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)As the Great Kate Wait of 2015 drags on, giving a whole new meaning to Kate's somewhat unfair noughties nickname, "Waity Katie," bets on the arrival of a new baby a girl continue to be placed at a feverish rate. As of today, 70% of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess. I suspect different parties are hoping for a girl for different reasons. Based on the so called "Kate Effect" and subsequent "George Effect," the great British High Street is no doubt salivating at the prospect of record sales should HRH Princess (fill in the blank) of Cambridge be spotted in one of their outfits. As one headline blared this week, "Baby girl could be worth $1.5 billion to the country." Magazine and newspaper editors are well aware of the dramatic rise in sales when a royal baby hits the cover, especially a little girl. And then there's Disney, which will always appreciate princesses in the zeitgeist, but as with all things relating to the monarchy, there is also a far greater historical significance should a baby girl arrive. There have been 34 Kings and only six Queens over the course of the British Monarchy's thousand-year history, and yet some of the nation's most enlightened times have occurred when a Queen has been on the throne. Elizabeth I led the country through the Golden Age, and Victoria and Elizabeth II -- the two longest reigning monarchs -- both made their mark with perhaps the most illustrious and progressive legacies of all. While it is unlikely this child will ever be crowned, as the daughter of the second-in-line to the throne, her role will be significant. Prince Charles has made no secret of his desire to slim down the monarchy, but in looking at his family's immediate bloodline -- William, Harry and George -- it stands to be a heavily male-dominated one. In an institution viewed by some as archaic and out of touch, it is imperative to have a strong female presence. Princess Anne -- Baby Cambridge's great-aunt -- grew up with three brothers, and was once described as, "the greatest King the country never had." She is patron of more than 200 charitable organizations and carries out some 500 public engagements a year. A noted equestrian, she won two silver medals and a gold at the European Eventing Championships, and was the first member of the royal family to compete at the Olympics. More importantly she has supported her mother throughout her reign, flown the flag for Britain and promoted brand Windsor around the world. As the only girl born to Elizabeth and Philip, she has matched and often surpassed the accomplishments of her brothers. Princesses Beatrice and Eugenie, also true blood princesses, are not "working members" of the royal family and generally only roll out for state and ceremonial occasions. So, yes, it would be nice for the baby to be a girl so that we can all ooh and ah over frilly dresses, fairy wings and ballet shoes (although as a Windsor she's more likely to be mucking out stables and shooting pheasant), but in truth the birth of a girl matters on a far deeper level: the monarchy needs a baby girl to fill the female void of future generations. The 20th century was ushered in by Queen Victoria and the 21st by Queen Elizabeth II. Should George live to eighty-seven he will be the first monarch of the 22nd century, but as I have said before the British monarchy is anything but predictable. If punters are right and William and Kate do announce the birth of a baby girl as the rightful "spare," it's certainly possible that a seventh Queen may ring in the year 2100. In the event the couple welcomes a boy, however, I sincerely hope there won't be a collective groan of disappointment heard around the world -- after all on the few occasions we have seen Prince George he has been a veritable treat. The birth of any baby is cause for celebration regardless of gender, race, religion or indeed status, and as Prince Harry, the world's most eligible bachelor has shown, games of naked billiards can sell magazines too. READ MORE: Please don't name the royal baby Diana .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: 70 percent of those laying down their hard earned cash are convinced the world is on the verge of welcoming a new princess.
Magazine and newspaper editors are well aware of the dramatic rise in sales when a royal baby hits the cover.
The birth of any baby is cause for celebration regardless of gender, race, religion or indeed status.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 402, Total accepted tokens: 402, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)People magazine has anointed Sandra Bullock the world's most beautiful woman of 2015, the publication revealed on Wednesday. Bullock, 50, joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor, including last year's cover girl, Lupita Nyong'o, and Gwyneth Paltrow in 2013. She seems to be taking it all in stride, calling the whole thing "ridiculous." "Real beauty is quiet. Especially in this town, it's just so hard not to say, 'Oh, I need to look like that,' " she told People. "No, be a good person; be a good mom; do a good job with the lunch; let someone cut in front of you who looks like they're in a bigger hurry. The people I find most beautiful are the ones who aren't trying." The cover story focuses on Bullock's home life with her son, Louis, 5, and her efforts to stay healthy and fit past her 40s. "I was putting him to bed and told him that even when I'm old and gray and more wrinkly than I am now, I'll still love him and want to tuck him in," she said. "And he asked why I have wrinkles, and I said, 'Well, I hope some of them are from laughing so much.' And he touched my face and said, 'You're not old, you're just happy.' " The Oscar-winning star of movies including "Gravity," "The Blind Side" and "Crash" said she's happy with who she is. "As long as I'm healthy and strong and I don't let this mind of mine run amok with insecurities about what I am not, I can look in the mirror and like who I see." The selection of Bullock, the oldest woman to receive top honors in the history of the list, is a sign that beauty knows no age, say some. "Great choice! Gorgeous, talented, over 50 and FABULOUS! That's the way it's done!" wrote one fan on People's Facebook page. Also making the "most beautiful" cut this year: Gabrielle Union, Ariana Grande and Laverne Cox. The issue hits newsstands Friday.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sandra Bullock joins a long line of actresses to receive the honor.
She seems to be taking it all in stride, calling the whole thing "ridiculous"
The cover story focuses on Bullock's home life with her son, Louis.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 403, Total accepted tokens: 403, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Actress Linda Thompson, Bruce Jenner's second wife, says she can "breathe a little easier" knowing her ex-husband has found the strength to publicly declare he is transgender. In a two-hour special that aired Friday, the Olympic gold medalist and "Keeping Up With The Kardashians" star said he has the "soul of a female" even though he was born with male body parts. Thompson, who had two sons with Jenner during their five-year marriage, was one of many relatives to cheer Jenner for publicly sharing what she had known for decades. "I have respectfully kept his secrets private and would have taken his confidences to my grave had he not spoken out," she said in a column for the Huffington Post. "He can finally realize his need to be who he authentically is, who he was born to be. That takes tremendous courage. For that I commend him." Thompson wrote that she would not have married Jenner if she had known about his "gender issue" when they first met. But she's glad she didn't know because she would have missed the chance to share a life with him, including their two sons. "Looking back, I'm so grateful to God, the universe, and Bruce that I didn't know, and that Bruce played the role in my life that he did," she said in the column. The two met in 1979 at a celebrity tennis tournament at the Playboy Mansion, while Jenner was in the process of separating from his first wife. The two married on January 5, 1981, and made Hawaii their home. Their first son, Brandon, was born in 1981, followed by son Brody in 1983. "The Bruce I knew back then was an easygoing, down-to-earth, casual, romantic, good and loving man. I was extremely happy to have found such a remarkable partner with whom to share my life. I found him to be honorable and, well, just too good to be true. Just too good to be true indeed," she wrote. They were a celebrity "glamour couple" of the time, appearing regularly on red carpets, hosting charitable fundraisers and traveling the world together for their careers. Jenner's star grew, and was a man that other men aspired to be, and someone women wanted to be with. "The Bruce I knew back then was unstudied, affable, and seemingly very comfortable in his own skin. So it seemed." Thompson said Jenner told her in 1985 that, despite it all, "he identified as a woman" and hoped to move forward with the process of becoming a woman." Confused and desperate, Thompson suggested therapy to help her understand what he was going through and "determine if it was something we could overcome or 'fix.'" "I was pretty ignorant of the fact that being transgender isn't something that can be overcome, fixed, prayed away, exorcised or obliterated by any other arcane notion," she said. He considered traveling out of the country for gender-confirmation surgery and returning to the United States identifying as female, where his children could meet him as "Aunt Heather." They separated after going to therapy for about six months and Jenner began taking female hormones and removing his hair through electrolysis. As he started developing breasts, his children began to notice -- a claim that Jenner also made in his interview. Thompson says Jenner did not remain a presence in their lives after he married Kris Kardashian, mother of Kim, Khloe, Khourtney and Rob Kardashian. Together, the couple had two children, Kendall and Kylie. Thompson said she forgives Jenner for those years. He has already "been held prisoner in his own flesh" and hopes that his life will get easier now. In addition to "world's greatest athlete," she hopes people will remember him as "trailblazer for the civil rights of the transgender community."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Linda Thompson, Bruce Jenner's second wife, says she can "breathe a little easier"
Thompson says she would not have married Jenner if she had known about his "gender issue"
She says Jenner told her in 1985 that, despite it all, "he identified as a woman"
Thompson says Jenner did not remain a presence in their lives after he married Kris Kardashian.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 404, Total accepted tokens: 404, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It all started by looking up. During an expedition through the Brittany region on the west coast of France, photographer Fabien Le Coq noticed an unusual tree. He positioned himself at the base of the tree and turned his camera upward, filling the frame with the trunk and its spindly branches. "I'm kind of a walking photographer," Le Coq said. "I love exploring new places. One day I was taking a break during an excursion in the Broceliande forest, looking for the best place to settle, when I discovered a small clearing with a tree without leaves. I stayed for hours looking around, taking some pictures and I found myself lying down under the tree. The tree's branches were rising as if to touch the sky." This was the start of the photo series "Treesome," an embodiment of Le Coq's unique way of interacting with the world around him. "By walking a long time in an environment, landscapes begin to influence on your mood," he said. "As (landscapes) change, your feelings do." The series, shot between 2012 and 2014, reflects Le Coq's travels through his native France and countries in Central America and Asia. The images are soothing and repetitive; each tree is photographed from the bottom looking up. But it is from this vantage point that the differences become apparent. Branches take on their own patterns in the sky, creating a symmetry that is both interesting and comforting. A row of trees shot in Paris speaks to the geometry of a modern city. Cactus branches look like spears piercing the sky. Appearance is not the only factor that sets the trees apart. For Le Coq, each image is special because it represents different feelings at different points in time. Social media . Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography. "Each tree has its own personality," he said. "I chose them by the way I felt at the moment. Sometimes they even change my sentiments. It's kind of a spiritual experience." Le Coq says his photographs are meant to bring about pause and reflection. The viewer should "become a third actor in a scene with trees and skies." It is an opportunity to take a break and focus on our own individual journeys. "Treesome" is shot in black and white, an aesthetic Le Coq says lends tension "recalling the gulf on one side and the celestial heights on the other. "The branches are the mirror of the roots." As a freelance graphic designer, Le Coq can work wherever there is an Internet connection.  He uses this freedom to travel, discover new places and grow as a photographer. Photography has also allowed Le Coq to explore his home country. "Sometimes home is full of new possibilities," he said. "You just have to look or change how you look." Fabien Le Coq is a photographer based in France. You can follow him on Facebook.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Fabien Le Coq is a photographer based in France.
Le Coq says his photographs are meant to bring about pause and reflection.
Le Coq says his photographs are meant to bring about pause and reflection.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 405, Total accepted tokens: 405, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The head of the Libyan Army has rejected the possibility of cooperating with any EU military intervention in his country intended to stem the flow of undocumented migrants trying to reach Europe. In an exclusive interview Friday with CNN's Becky Anderson, Libyan army head Gen. Khalifa Haftar said Libyan authorities had not been consulted and, in any event, military action would not solve the problem. "We will certainly not cooperate, because we were not involved in resolving this issue," Haftar said. "The decision was taken without consulting the legitimate Libyan side." The European Union is struggling to cope with an increasing number of people crowding into unseaworthy boats and trying to reach European shores. Many of the travelers are fleeing violence and poverty in Libya and elsewhere in the region. The capsizing of one vessel last weekend left an estimated 900 people dead. EU leaders are considering a plan that would involve military action against people smugglers at the source -- before they load their boats with human cargo. Of necessity, such an operation would involve operations within the territory of North African countries. But Haftar expressed dismay at the prospect in his interview with CNN. "Military action against Libyan territory is an unwise decision," he said. "You need to deal with the Libyan crisis as a whole. We are a sovereign country that needs to be respected despite what we are going through right now." Haftar did not respond directly when he was asked whether Libyan authorities would confront any European forces within its territory. "The European Union needs to stand with the Libyan people to solve the crisis instead of taking such decisions," the general said. "The migrant crisis affects them. But why don't they see that our problems are also very important? It's important for them to support us either on the humanitarian front or on the security front." Pressed on the point, Haftar replied, "We do what's in the interest of the Libyan people. The European Union is looking after its own interests so we will also look after ours." But he said Libya is open to other kinds of cooperation on the issue of migration. "If they take the right approach, we will certainly cooperate," he said, referring to EU authorities. "The appropriate approach will benefit Libya and its fight against terrorism. And I repeat, that means lifting sanctions against Libya -- specifically those against the army."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Libyan army head Gen. Khalifa Haftar rejects EU military intervention.
He says Libyan authorities had not been consulted.
He says military action would not solve the problem.
He says Libya is open to other kinds of cooperation on the issue of migration.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 406, Total accepted tokens: 406, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Kano, Nigeria (CNN)Hundreds of decomposed corpses were discovered buried in shallow graves in the streets of the northeastern Nigerian town of Damasak this past weekend, according to local officials and a resident. The town had recently been freed from the Boko Haram terror group in a joint Nigerian-Chadian military operation. A provincial government committee was visiting the area as part of an effort to assess the level of destruction in towns that had been in the deadly grip of Boko Haram. "We found hundreds of dead bodies in shallow graves and on the streets of Damasak during our visit," Damasak local government spokesman Babagana Mustapha told CNN on Monday. "Those bodies in shallow graves have badly decomposed while those found on the streets were desiccated from [exposure to] dry ‎winds," Mustapha added. The victims included men, women and children murdered by Boko Haram when they seized the area in November, said Abubakar Kyari, a senator-elect for the region. "The staggering number of dead bodies found in Damasak is a testimony of the large-scale atrocity Boko Haram committed when they were in control of the town" Kyari added. Mustapha said the bodies were buried in 20 clearly marked mass graves.  Although Mustapha did not give a precise number of corpses recovered, Damasak residents who participated in the exhumations put the figure at more than 400. "‎We collected over 400 corpses from the streets and in shallow graves during our visit in Damasak," said Idris Karimbe, one of the volunteers who took part in the burial. "The number of bodies we recovered this time around far exceeded the ones found last month," said another resident, Musa Bremah‎. Bremah was referring to the discovery of around 90 bodies in a shallow grave outside Damasak last month after its recapture. ‎A regional military coalition involving troops from Nigeria, Niger, Chad and Cameroon has in recent months recaptured swathes of Nigerien territory seized by Boko Haram. The joint military operation is part of an ongoing collaborative effort at crushing the Islamist group that has widened its deadly attacks to Niger, Chad and Cameroon.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hundreds of bodies found in shallow graves and on the streets of Damasak.
Bodies were buried in 20 clearly marked mass graves.
Bodies were buried in 20 clearly marked mass graves.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 407, Total accepted tokens: 407, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Jerusalem (CNN)The Israeli military conducted airstrikes Sunday night in the area between Israel and Syria, targeting a group of militants allegedly trying to plant a bomb on the Israeli border. The Israel Defense Forces said the airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights against four militants who crossed into the area from Syria. "A group of armed terrorists approached the border with an explosive device, which was intended to be detonated against IDF forces," the Israeli military said. The airstrikes prevented the bombing, the military said. Three of the alleged attackers were killed, Israeli media reported, citing IDF sources. It was not immediately known to what militant group the men belonged. The Golan is regarded internationally as occupied territory despite Israeli governmental control. It is home to 41,000 residents, including Jews, Druze and Alawites. Israel seized the territory from Syria during the 1967 Israel-Arab war, and it was eventually annexed.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Israeli airstrikes prevent bombing, military says.
Airstrikes were carried out in the occupied Golan Heights against militants.
Three of the alleged attackers were killed, Israeli media reports.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 408, Total accepted tokens: 408, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A prosecutor has dismissed allegations that Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner tried to cover up Iran's involvement in a 1994 bombing in Buenos Aires. The move by prosecutor Javier de Luca to drop the case could mean a definitive end to the accusations that have roiled the nation, according to Argentina's state-run Telam news agency. The case became of high interest globally after the original prosecutor who brought the allegations was found dead in January. Alberto Nisman was found dead days after making the accusations. His death sparked outrage and conspiracy theories aplenty. Nisman alleged that Argentina's government agreed not to go after Iranian suspects in the bombing in exchange for a favorable trade deal. The 1994 bombing of a Jewish community center in the Argentine capital is the deadliest terror attack in the country's history. Eighty-five people were killed, and hundreds were injured. A second prosecutor took the reins after Nisman's death and took the case to court in February. A judge dismissed the case, saying that Nisman's allegations did not hold up. Following that, the case went to prosecutor de Luca for a possible appeal. On Monday, de Luca announced that in his investigation he found that "there was no crime here, either carried out or attempted," according to Telam.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Prosecutor drops case, saying "there was no crime here, either carried out or attempted"
Prosecutor Javier de Luca says he found "there was no crime here"
Prosecutor de Luca could end case, says Telam news agency.
Prosecutor Alberto Nisman was found dead in January.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 409, Total accepted tokens: 409, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa, commemorating the country's first democratic elections in 1994 election which saw Nelson Mandela elected as president. The day is widely seen as marking the start of a free South Africa after the fall of apartheid, a system of racial segregation implemented by the white-minority government in South Africa for decades. This year's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in April in which a number of people lost their lives. Using the #FreedomDay hashtag, people across the country and beyond took to Twitter to celebrate this year's event, express their views and send out their wishes -- including the South African government. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi also hailed the people of South Africa and sent out a message of hope. Many South Africans used Twitter to denounce the recent violence... ... whilst others remembered iconic South African freedom fighter Nelson Mandela. Freedom Day didn't go unnoticed by Google, who've changed the doodle to honor the day. Here's a selection of some of other #FreedomDay tweets.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Freedom Day is celebrated in South Africa on April 27.
The day marks the start of a free South Africa after the fall of apartheid.
The day is widely seen as marking the start of a free South Africa after the fall of apartheid.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 410, Total accepted tokens: 410, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Stornaway, Scotland (CNN)Huge military exercises are underway off and around Britain's coast, but NATO insists they are not a deliberate response to the Russian military's increasingly brazen behavior. The British-led war games are code named Joint Warrior and the numbers are all big: 13,000 personnel from 14 countries operating more than 50 ships and submarines as well as 70 aircraft. NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary. For more than a year NATO has been condemning Russia's actions in Ukraine as well as its frequent, large scale, snap military drills and those long-range Bear bombers repeatedly flying very close to NATO airspace. So, if Joint Warrior is not a deliberate response, it's certainly a timely one. CNN was invited to spend a day aboard one of the vessels taking part -- the U.S. Navy's guided missile cruiser USS Vicksburg. It's the current flag ship of a standing NATO maritime group. Commanding officer Rear Adm. Brad Williamson says Russia's behavior is an added motivation to do well in these exercises. "Anytime you have a security situation that reminds us it's not just a game we're doing out here, that there are real world implications to our ability to provide security to alliance members, I think that focuses our minds on what we're doing," Williamson says. Other personnel on the Vicksburg tell us competition between different nations and even individual ships and subs is also a big motivator. The details of these war games are top secret. But they're broken into two parts: The set training exercises that involve vessels or groups completing specific jobs and what they call "free play". That's where everyone's divided into two teams with different orders and motivations manipulated by the game masters. Tensions rise and it's likely pretend war follows. Easy to see how things get competitive. Russia has taken an interest. It used its right under what's known as the Vienna document to send its own inspectors. NATO says they only stayed a few days and didn't see anything sensitive.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NATO says the planning started long before Russia began behaving as an adversary.
The British-led war games are code named Joint Warrior.
The exercises are being held off and around Britain's coast.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 411, Total accepted tokens: 411, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Atlanta  (CNN)"Do you use toilet paper?" That's the question 26-year-old Anamarie Shreeves receives most often. It's not exactly a typical question, but Shreeves, who lives in Atlanta and is the site manager for the nonprofit Keep Atlanta Beautiful, lives what some may consider an atypical lifestyle: She creates almost no waste. The list of things she doesn't use would send shivers up a consumer marketer's spine: No plastic packaging, no new clothing, no metal cans, no cars (and in turn, no gas). The small amount of waste Shreeves does create goes straight into a 32-ounce mason jar that sits three-quarters full right next to her kitchen sink. Its contents include produce stickers, some paper tea bag wrappers and a long, twisted piece of cotton that went around her toes for a recent pedicure. This is all the waste she has collected in nearly half a year. That's right, EVERYTHING. Six month's worth of garbage for Shreeves is similar to what the average person generates in half a day. A Maryland native, Shreeves considered herself an "Earth advocate" from a fairly young age. Of her four brothers and sisters, she says she was always the one wading in the creek that passed by her backyard, climbing trees and pushing her family to stop being so wasteful. "I got them their first recycling bin," she said. Shreeves began her journey into zero-waste living two years ago. She had just quit her job working in television and decided to move to Ecuador for a few months. Before she left she resolved to get rid of as much of her stuff as possible. She had read a blog post by a woman who lives a zero waste life in New York called the No Trash Project, and she was inspired. "The average person throws away a ton of trash a year," Shreeves said. "One single person. For her to go to zero like that, I was just amazed." Upon her return from Ecuador, Shreeves decided to take the lifestyle she started before she left to the next level. In April of last year, she officially began to live zero waste. Simplifying her existence wasn't easy. She had to rid herself of old habits. In the first week, she filled up half the mason jar with paper towels after grabbing them to dry her hands, just out of habit. It also took a while to feel comfortable with the funny stares she would get after politely asking food vendors to put her sandwiches and salads into her metal tin instead of paper and plastic containers. But she stayed strong and a year later she is at the point where she composts, makes her own shampoo, toothpaste and even uses reusable feminine products. And yes, she does use toilet paper -- the kind that's quickly biodegradable. The key to making it all work is an enormous amount of preparation. Shreeves packs her bags every day with a cup to drink out of, a metal tin and a reusable fork and knife, a cloth napkin and a couple canvas bags. This allows her to avoid the waste that comes so often with prepared foods. She has also had to stop going to some of her favorite restaurants and coffee shops because they won't provide reusable kitchenware. Shreeves acknowledges that with this lifestyle come certain restrictions; she has learned to make most of her food from scratch to avoid packaging. She also has to put more time into getting places by bike or public transportation. But without a doubt, the rewards for her outweigh the inconveniences. "The quality of life that I experience as a zero waster far exceeds my life before. It's made me appreciate the things that I do have. I wouldn't want to be in another space," she said. To learn more about cutting down on waste, visit Shreeves' blog, fortnegrita.com.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Anamarie Shreeves is the site manager for the nonprofit Keep Atlanta Beautiful.
She has created almost no waste and collects all her trash in a 32-ounce mason jar.
Shreeves says she has become a zero-waster in the past year.
She says she has to put more time into getting places by bike or public transportation.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 412, Total accepted tokens: 412, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)You might call her a watchdog, because this Boston area Doberman really has a thing for timepieces. She recently ate three. Last Thursday, Jeff Courcelle came home from work to find 5-year-old Mocha -- a pure bred fawn-colored Doberman pincher -- hovering over a pile of screws, metal pieces, three watch heads and some chewed leather straps. "My husband, who's the most calm person that I know, called me up and said, 'I'm not quite sure if I should panic,' " said Courcelle's wife, Michele Parkinson. The 80-pound Doberman, whom her owners describe as "more goofy than scary," had pulled down a basket of wrist wear from a shelf in their bedroom and eaten nearly all the contents. Parkinson knew that Mocha wouldn't be able to pass all that leather on her own. The couple took her to the MSPCA's Angell Animal Medical Center, a 24-hour emergency and specialty hospital, where a veterinarian performed a 3-hour endoscopy to explore the contents of her belly. Mocha was a repeat offender: Just last summer, she got very sick and had to have emergency stomach surgery after a piece of plastic from an orange juice container perforated her intestine. She had 28 staples down her belly and 10 inches of intestine removed, Parkinson said. Fortunately this time, the jewelry remains were still in Mocha's belly and had not made their way into the digestive tract. The X-ray, however, was disturbing. Parkinson and her husband were just expecting to see a couple metal pieces. "It just looked like a Christmas tree and I almost threw up," Parkinson said. The veterinarian removed "about a pound of leather straps and metal pieces and detritus" during the endoscopy, and let nature take its course for the remaining pieces, MSPCA spokesman Rob Halpin said. As of Friday, Mocha was no worse for wear. The hospital sees dozens of cases each week of dogs ingesting foreign objects, and is trained to look for the symptoms of blockages -- typically lethargy, not eating and vomiting, Halpin said. They once saw a golden retriever who had stopped eating and found 43 pacifiers in her belly. (Apparently she was taking them from babies at the park.) And there was the 100-pound bull mastiff who ate his owner's brie that was set out for a party -- along with the cheese knife. The night Mocha stayed in the hospital, a nervous Parkinson stayed awake reading stories about dogs ingesting watches and other objects. She found one article about a Newfoundland whose owner knew something was awry only when he heard an alarm go off from his dog's belly. "We've taken every imaginable thing that could fit down the gullet of a dog out with surgery," Halpin said. "There's some evolutionary traits that some dogs have that lead them to eat first and think later ... and some of them are so food motivated that anything with a scent could be associated with food, and they go for it." Mocha likes to suck on fleece blankets and has been known to eat rubber ear buds or hair elastics, but nothing like a pile of jewelry, Parkinson said. Her breeder wondered if the dog was acting out of anxiety. That day, Parkinson had left Mocha in a different apartment the couple owns that the dog wasn't as used to. The breeder told Parkinson that Dobermans are particularly known to get anxious and do these sort of things. "She had a dog that actually consumed her whole dog bed," Parkinson said. From now on, Parkinson said she will put Mocha in a crate if the dog will be staying somewhere new. Follow-up X-rays Monday on Mocha showed a few pieces of metal left, "but they were moving along" and the vet expected her to pass them naturally. Parkinson said Friday Mocha was "her playful, energetic, curious Doberman self." But now that she thinks of it, the timing of this whole incident is a little suspicious. "My husband was all excited about the new Apple watch, but couldn't justify a reason to purchase it since he owned three watches," she said. "I am convinced that he and Mocha joined forces here to destroy all of his current watches in order to make room for Apple's new watch."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mocha, a Doberman, ate three watch heads, chewed leather straps and metal pieces.
She had pulled down a basket of wrist wear from a shelf in their bedroom.
The 80-pound Doberman had pulled down a basket of wrist wear from a shelf in their bedroom.
The 80-pound Doberman had pulled down a basket of wrist wear from a shelf in their bedroom.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 413, Total accepted tokens: 413, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)An unmanned Russian spacecraft originally bound for the International Space Station will re-enter the Earth's atmosphere after flight controllers lost contact with it, American astronaut Scott Kelly said Wednesday. The spacecraft  that lost contact with flight controllers will re-enter the Earth's atmosphere in about a week, Roscosmos, the Russian Federal Space Agency, said Wednesday. "Roscosmos (the Russian Federal Space Agency) announced that the Progress will not be docking and will re-enter the Earth's atmosphere," Kelly said from the space station. The Progress resupply vehicle will come off its orbit and will begin its combustion in the atmosphere between May 5 and May 7, according to Roscosmos. The Progress vehicle does not present any danger to the International Space Station due to a significant difference in orbit, Roscosmos added. The Russia space agency said it is working on its next supply flight to the ISS and expects to launch a new Progress ship in the third quarter of this year. Russia lost contact with ISS Progress 59 during a resupply mission to the International Space Station. The ship is now spinning out of control, NASA said. Even if Russia hadn't lost contact with the craft, the original plan was for Progress to burn up re-entering Earth's atmosphere -- albeit with garbage rather than a full load of equipment for the space station. According to NASA information on the Progress resupply vehicle, "After the cargo is removed and before the Progress undocks, the crew refills it with trash, unneeded equipment and wastewater, which will burn up with the spacecraft when it re-enters the Earth's atmosphere." The cargo spacecraft launched successfully early Tuesday from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. But after it separated from the Soyuz booster rocket's third stage, Russian flight controllers were unable to confirm the health of all the spacecraft's systems, including the deployment of navigational antennae, NASA said. "The spacecraft made another pass over Russian ground stations and continued to experience telemetry problems regarding the deployment of navigational antennas and the pressurization of the manifolds in the propulsion system," the American space agency said in an update. A planned rendezvous with the ISS six hours later was initially postponed to Thursday but has now been canceled, NASA said in its latest update. "Docking has been called off for the Progress 59 spacecraft," it said. "Russian flight controllers are continuing to assess the vehicle and what the plan going forward will be. Additional information will be provided as it becomes available." Few details have been forthcoming so far from Roscosmos. According to NASA, the cargo ship is carrying more than 3 tons of food, fuel, oxygen, spare parts and scientific experiment hardware for the space station. But the hitch will not put the six ISS crew members at risk, NASA said. "The spacecraft was not carrying any supplies critical for the United States Operating Segment (USOS) of the station," a statement said. "Both the Russian and USOS segments of the station continue to operate normally and are adequately supplied well beyond the next planned resupply flight." That next flight, which will be the seventh SpaceX commercial resupply services mission to the space station, is not scheduled  to take off before June 19, NASA said. Meanwhile, Russian flight controllers continue their efforts to make contact with Progress 59 as it passes over Russian ground stations. NASA said Tuesday that Russian flight controllers had "confirmed that the vehicle had entered into a slow spin and have issued commands to attempt to control it." According to Russian state news agency Tass, six attempts to make contact were to be made Wednesday. The U.S. supplies on board the spacecraft include spare parts for the station's environmental control and life support system, backup spacewalk hardware and crew clothing, "all of which are replaceable," NASA said. U.S. astronaut Terry Virts, from Maryland, is the current space station commander. CNN's Eliott C. McLaughlin, Suzanne Presto and Amanda Barnett contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Russian spacecraft will re-enter Earth's atmosphere in about a week.
Russian flight controllers lost contact with spacecraft.
Russian space agency says it is working on next supply flight to ISS.
Russian flight controllers continue their efforts to make contact with spacecraft.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 414, Total accepted tokens: 414, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The night before her daughter's first triathlon, Kate Parker could tell the child was nervous. Ella and her younger sister, Alice, are athletic, loud, curious, wild-haired kids. They grew up watching their mother compete in races and Ella had asked to sign up for her own. Still, as they laid out everything she'd need the next day, Parker, a photographer, could tell she was afraid. "Why don't we get a picture?" Parker asked Ella, now 9. "Show me your strongest face, show me your bravest face, even if you don't feel that way right now." As she pulled the image up on her screen, she got chills from her daughter's direct stare. She looked, Parker said, like "a little badass." "You're going to be totally fine," Parker showed her. "Look at how tough you are." The next day, Ella participated in her race, and loved it. Looking back, "I wanted her to remember that she was scared and she went through with it, sort of as a memento of her conquering a fear, " said Parker, who lives near Atlanta. "As a mom, I really wanted to get a good picture of it, too." The photo is one of Parker's favorites from her series, "Strong is the New Pretty." It covers the last two years, but evolved from Parker's early days behind a camera, when she shot daily images of her girls to expand her knowledge of lighting and composition. It seemed that most images of little girls showcased perfectly placed hair bows, forced smiles and Photoshop-smooth skin. Hers didn't. "I didn't want to shoot pictures like that. I didn't want girls to think they had to look like that," said Parker, whose daughters are now 6 and 9. "Whoever they were, however they were, was worthy of an image. Whatever they were was good enough." So, she shot her girls and their friends as they were -- freckled, muddy, screaming, laughing, jumping in the pool, collecting worms in the creek, barreling into the wilderness of early adolescence on skateboards and bicycles. "I want to capture them before they lose that sense of 'I'm so awesome.' I wanted them to keep that as long as they could," Parker said. "I started to shoot with that in mind, but it was already there." The girls pose for an occasional portrait, but most are kid-inspired moments, shaped by childish wonderment and energy. As parents, Parker and her husband encourage their girls to play outside, make new friends and try new things without worrying about grass-stained knees and knots in their hair, Parker said. Now, the girls have the confidence and curiosity to do it on their own. "They're just being themselves, and I'm just recording it," Parker said. Responses to the images are mostly positive, Parker said, but there's the occasional complaint that she's showing just one type of girl. It's true, Parker said: They're the ones she's raising, the only ones whose adventures she can document 24/7. She hopes the project inspires parents to find their own creative ways to capture their children's lives. More important, she wants kids to see they can be strong in whatever they are and whatever they hope to be. Parker's own kids still surprise her. "Alice is a beautiful singer. When I hear her sing, it makes me cry," Parker said. "Ella has this amazing, kind heart that cares more about the experience than the win. It's something that I did not teach her. "Whatever it is, it's OK."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kate Parker is a photographer who has been documenting her daughters' lives.
She says she wanted to capture her daughters' "sense of 'I'm so awesome.'"
She says she's hoping to inspire other parents to find creative ways to document their children.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 415, Total accepted tokens: 415, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)Roseanne Barr has revealed that she is slowly going blind. In an interview with The Daily Beast, Barr said she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma and told the website, "My vision is closing in now." The comedic actress said smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving the pressure in her eyes. Tribeca 2015: 9 Must-see films . "It's something weird. But there are other weird things. That one's harsh, 'cause I read a lot, and then I thought, 'Well, I guess I could hire somebody to read for me and read to me.' But I like words and I like looking. You do what you have to do. I just try and enjoy vision as much as possible -- y'know, living it up. My dad had it, too," the actress said. Barr also defended her use of pot, saying, "It's expansive. It opens your mind" and "It makes you wonder. It doesn't close that down." Roger Ailes: Why Fox News will never hire Jon Stewart . Doctors have not given Barr a definitive timeline on when she can expect to lose all visibility. The actress attended the Tribeca Film Festival in support of her documentary "Roseanne for President!" Directed by Eric Weinrib, the film follows Barr in her unsuccessful attempt to become the Green Party's 2012 presidential nominee. The Peace and Freedom Party eventually made Barr its nominee.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Roseanne Barr says she is slowly going blind.
She says she suffers from macular degeneration and glaucoma.
Barr says smoking marijuana is "good medicine" for relieving pressure in her eyes.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 416, Total accepted tokens: 416, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21. The state's legislature on Friday passed a bill raising the minimum legal age -- currently 18 -- to buy tobacco or e-cigarettes. The bill will now go before Gov. David Ige, whose signature would make it law in Hawaii as of January 1, 2016. Forty-six U.S. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone 18 or older, while Alabama, Alaska, New Jersey and Utah require customers to be at least 19. Dozens of cities and towns, including New York, have already raised the minimum legal age for tobacco purchases to 21. "This bold step will reduce smoking among young people, save lives and help make the next generation tobacco-free," said Matthew L. Myers, president of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, in a prepared statement. "Increasing the sale age to 21 will reduce tobacco use among youth and young adults, age groups when nearly all smoking begins and that are heavily targeted by the tobacco industry," he said. It was not clear Monday whether Ige would sign the bill, although on Friday he approved legislation banning the the use of e-cigarettes in all locations where smoking is illegal. A spokeswoman for the governor told CNN in an email that he would need some time to review the bill. The legislation comes after a report last month from the Institute of Medicine that said barring people under age 21 from buying cigarettes would have significant public health benefits. Setting the minimum age at 21 nationwide would result in nearly a quarter-million fewer premature deaths and 50,000 fewer deaths from lung cancer among people born between 2000 and 2019, the report estimated. Raise the smoking age? Report predicts big health benefits if we do . Teenagers, especially those between 15 and 17, are most vulnerable to addiction at a time when their brains are still developing, said the study, which was conducted at the request of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. If the minimum legal age for tobacco use was raised to 21, the prevalence of smokers among today's teens would decline by 12% when they become adults, the report said. Under the Hawaii bill, anyone caught breaking the law would face a $10 fine for the first offense and a $50 fine or community service for a second offense. A 2014 survey of Hawaii voters found that 71% favored raising the legal age to 21.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hawaii is poised to become first state to prohibit sale of cigarettes to anyone under 21.
Legislation will go before Gov. David Ige, whose signature would make it law.
Ige has approved legislation banning the use of e-cigarettes in all locations where smoking is illegal.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 417, Total accepted tokens: 417, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Combining healthy eating with moral support, Jean Nidetch became a heavyweight in the weight-loss industry. The founder of Weight Watchers died Wednesday at her home in Florida. She was 91. What would become Weight Watchers started as a group of friends meeting in her Queens, New York, living room in 1961. Nidetch described herself as an "overweight housewife obsessed with cookies." After countless fad diets, Nidetch figured that accountability was the key to keeping the weight off.  At the time, she was 38 years old and weighed more than 200 pounds. Her guiding philosophy: "It's choice -- not chance -- that determines your destiny." Through the program of regular weigh-ins, peer support and accountability, not only did Nidetch lose 72 pounds, but she inspired millions more to shed pounds too. She officially launched Weight Watchers in 1963 and took the company public five years later. "Jean was an inspiration and an innovator who leaves behind a legacy and program that has positively impacted the health and well-being of millions of people around the world," said Jim Chambers, president and CEO Weight Watchers International. "It is our honor and responsibility to carry on her legacy to help more people to transform their lives."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jean Nidetch was the founder of Weight Watchers.
She lost 72 pounds and inspired millions more to shed pounds.
She officially launched Weight Watchers in 1963.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 418, Total accepted tokens: 418, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The number of new HIV infections in a rural Indiana county has grown, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The institute is working with state health leaders to control the "severe outbreak," which has spread among users of a prescription opioid called Opana. The outbreak has been ongoing since mid-December. As of Friday, 142 people have tested positive for HIV, with 136 confirmed cases and six more with preliminary positive test results, all in rural Scott and Jackson counties. This is a huge number of cases for an area that has a population of only a few thousand people. The CDC and state health leaders held a news conference Friday to talk about the new numbers and about the growing threat of the spread of disease from IV drug use, especially in isolated rural areas that have sparse health resources. Scott County, the epicenter of the outbreak, has only one doctor who deals with infectious disease, but the doctor is not an HIV specialist, the State Department of Health said. Since the rampant HIV outbreak was first noticed in mid-December, the state has tried to flood the area with additional resources. Indiana declared a public health emergency in that county in March. Indiana University has sent health volunteers to provide a clinic, open once a week to help treat people and test them for HIV. These workers are also going door to door to try to educate the population about the danger of sharing needles. So far, 33 patients have visited the temporary clinic, which is starting to see patients return to seek treatment. It's no coincidence that many of the cases of the newly infected there are younger people "who weren't around in the '80s and '90s when HIV was at its peak," Dr. Jonathan Mermin said. In the 1980s, doctors were seeing an average of 35,000 new HIV infections among IV drug users, and that figure has been down 90% nationally, he said. So people aren't as aware about the danger of sharing needles. Mermin is the director of the National Center for HIV/AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, STD, and TB Prevention. Education will be key, he emphasized. Indiana Gov. Mike Pence also signed a 30-day executive order that allows for a needle exchange. It was set to expire Friday, but he extended the order another 30 days Tuesday. Needle exchanges have been scientifically shown to reduce new infections. The state is also offering job services to people in the area. Dr. Joan Duwve, the chief medical consultant with the Indiana State Department of Health, spoke at length about how communities all along the Ohio River in her state and in Kentucky and West Virginia have seen a huge problem with prescription drug abuse, particularly in areas where there "is not a lot to do." Many family members, across generations, live in the same house and will use the drugs together as "a community activity," Duwve said. And this has led to more needle sharing, which spreads infection. She said this has been a problem for these areas for at least a decade. Another reason this infection has spread so rapidly is the nature of the drug itself. Opana, as the prescription opioid is known, needs to be injected more than once a day. Duwve said residents have reported injecting it four to 10 times a day to stay under its influence. When people start to feel the drug wear off after about four hours, they begin to feel sick and go into withdrawal. Often they'll turn to an injecting partner in the same house who will share their needle and their drug to give the person relief from these symptoms. The other problem with this drug is that it requires a larger-gauge needle that exposes users to more blood, which increases the risk of infection. Health leaders worry about the spread of HIV and other diseases such as hepatitis C around the country as the number of illegal prescription drug users has grown. There has been a 150% increase in hepatitis C between 2010 and 2013, the majority of the increase believed to be from injection drug abusers, the CDC said. "The situation in Indiana should serve as a warning not to let our guard down," Mermin said. "This is a powerful reminder" that HIV and other infectious diseases "can gain ground at any time, unless you remain vigilant."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: 142 people have tested positive for HIV, with 136 confirmed cases.
Outbreak has been ongoing since mid-December.
State has tried to flood the area with additional resources.
State is also offering job services to people in the area.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 419, Total accepted tokens: 419, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Are you smarter than a really smart Singapore high school student? See if you can figure out Cheryl's birthday, the Singapore logic problem that's got the Internet twisted into knots. Some are even saying it's the math equivalent of the "What color is the dress" debate. The puzzling problem went viral after Singapore television host Kenneth Kong posted it to Facebook. Cheryl's birthday challenge was meant to test the better high-school students competing in the Singapore and Asian Schools Math Olympiad, held April 8. Here it is: Cheryl has a birthday, and she doesn't want to share it right away. (Otherwise, we have no challenge to solve.) So she gives her friends Albert and Bernard a list of 10 possible birthday dates: May 15, May 16, May 19, June 17, June 18, July 14, July 16, August 14, August 15 or August 17. A brief conversation between Albert and Bernard -- who we assume are not lying for the sake of this problem -- gives the reader enough clues to eliminate nine of the 10 dates and discover Cheryl's birthday. That's assuming you want to celebrate with Cheryl after she's put you through all that trouble. See our video below for the answer from Georgia Tech Mathematician Matt Baker.  The New York Times and the Washington Post have also posted solutions to the problem, along with explanations. Of course, the Internet has offered other solutions.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Cheryl's birthday challenge was meant to test the better high-school students.
Cheryl has a birthday, and she doesn't want to share it right away.
She gives her friends Albert and Bernard a list of 10 possible birthday dates.
A brief conversation between Albert and Bernard gives the reader enough clues.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 420, Total accepted tokens: 420, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)As the model for Norman Rockwell's "Rosie the Riveter," Mary Doyle Keefe became the symbol of American women working on the home front during World War II. The 92-year-old died this week at her home in Simsbury, Connecticut. As a 19-year-old telephone operator, Keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the Saturday Evening Post on May 29, 1943. Although she was petite, Keefe was transformed into the iconic -- and burly -- embodiment of the character by Rockwell. "Other than the red hair and my face, Norman Rockwell embellished Rosie's body," Keefe said in a 2012 interview with the Hartford Courant. "I was much smaller than that and did not know how he was going to make me look like that until I saw the finished painting." People we've lost in 2015 . Keefe pocketed $10 for the two mornings of modeling work she did in Arlington, Vermont. Rockwell lived in neighboring West Arlington at the time. "Rosie the Riveter" is often confused with another popular image from the same era. The poster shows a woman flexing her arm under the slogan "We Can Do It." It was part of a nationwide campaign to sell war bonds, but is not the same character. Still, many folks on social media paid tribute to Keefe using the image. Both show the key role women played in the war effort.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mary Doyle Keefe became the symbol of American women working on the home front during World War II.
Keefe posed for the famous painting that would become the cover of the Saturday Evening Post.
Keefe pocketed $10 for the two mornings of modeling work she did in Arlington, Vermont.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 421, Total accepted tokens: 421, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Feeling so happy you just can't stand it? You might want to pop some acetaminophen. A new study has found that acetaminophen, the main ingredient in Tylenol, most forms of Midol and more than 600 other medicines, reduces not only pain but pleasure, as well. The authors of the study, which was published this week in Psychological Science, say that it was already known that acetaminophen blunted psychological pain. But their new research led them to the conclusion that it also blunted joy -- in other words, that it narrowed the range of feelings experienced. "This means that using Tylenol or similar products might have broader consequences than previously thought," said Geoffrey Durso, a doctoral student in social psychology at Ohio State University and the lead author of the study. "Rather than just being a pain reliever, acetaminophen can be seen as an all-purpose emotion reliever." The researchers tested their thesis by showing 82 college students 40 photographs -- some of highly pleasant images, such as children with kittens, and some of highly unpleasant images, such as children who were malnourished. Half of the participants in the study were given "an acute dose" of acetaminophen -- 1,000 milligrams -- and the other half were given a placebo with the same appearance. The subjects were then asked to rate the photos according to how unpleasant or pleasant they were. Those who took the acetaminophen rated all the photos less extremely than those who took the placebo. "In other words, positive photos were not seen as positively under the influence of acetaminophen and negative photos were not seen as negatively," the authors reported. The researchers followed up by testing a group of 85 people to see whether this change in judgment applied just to emotions or whether the drug blunted people's evaluation of magnitude in general. This group showed the same blunting of emotional reactions. But acetaminophen did not affect how much blue they saw in each photo. But people who participated in the study did not appear to know they were acting differently, said Baldwin Way, an assistant professor of psychology who was another of the study's authors. "Most people probably aren't aware of how their emotions may be impacted when they take acetaminophen," Way said. Each week, about 23% of American adults -- or 52 million people -- use a medicine containing acetaminophen, according to the nonprofit Consumer Healthcare Products Association. The authors said it was not known whether other pain relievers, such as ibuprofen and aspirin, have the same effect. But have no fear -- they plan to study that question, as well.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Study: Acetaminophen blunts not only pain but pleasure, too.
Researchers tested their thesis by showing 82 college students 40 photos.
Half of the participants in the study were given "an acute dose" of acetaminophen.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 422, Total accepted tokens: 422, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A 17-year-old teen who has been living at Connecticut Children's Medical Center since December while being forced to have chemotherapy to treat Hodgkin's lymphoma has completed treatment and left the hospital Monday, according to her attorney, Josh Michtom. Cassandra C., as she is identified in court documents, was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families by a judge in December. She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated. Earlier this month, CNN reported that she was in remission, feeling well and her treatment was almost complete. Cassandra was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September, and doctors gave her an 85% chance of survival if treated but said she would die within two years if left untreated. She started the treatment in November but ran away after two days, according to court documents, when she decided she did not want to put the poison of the treatment into her body. That's when a judge ordered her into custody of the state. Attorneys for the teen and her mom have tried to appeal, but they did not succeed. Cassandra remained in the hospital. In the most recent legal maneuvering, a judge denied a request by Cassandra's attorney to allow her return home on grounds that she was no longer at risk for imminent harm. Now that her treatment is complete, the temporary order of custody ends, Michtom told CNN. Previously he said the hospital was "effectively a jail" to his client. "As we do for every patient we care for at Connecticut Children's, we wish her the best for a happy and healthy future," Robert Fraleigh, director of corporate communications for Connecticut Children's Medical Center, said in a statement Monday. Joette Katz, commissioner of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families, said in a statement that they are pleased that Cassandra is healthy and has recovered. She credits the doctors at Children's Medical Center and the staff at her department for this happy outcome. Acknowledging that the ordeal has been difficult for Cassandra and her family, Katz said, "We were responsible to save Cassandra's life under these circumstances,  and we are very happy that she is now moving successfully to another phase in her life -- a healthy and happy one."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Cassandra C. was ordered into custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families by a judge in December.
She ran away in an effort to discontinue chemo, claiming she did not want to be treated.
She was diagnosed with Hodgkin's lymphoma in September, and doctors gave her an 85% chance of survival if treated.
She started the treatment in November but ran away after two days.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 423, Total accepted tokens: 423, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The latest outbreak of bird flu -- the worst in the U.S. since the 1980s -- is not a likely threat to humans, reports the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. But as with any potential threat to human health, they are preparing for the worst just in case. The CDC and the United States Department of Agriculture held a press conference Wednesday to talk about preparations. "The risk to humans is low, our food supply is safe," said Dr. John Clifford, the USDA's Chief Veterinary Officer. "We know how to address disease when we find it." Since mid-December, 16 states have seen bird flu turn up in commercial poultry, backyard chickens, and in flocks of wild and captive wild birds, according to the CDC. That number will likely grow as birds with the disease fly from one state to the next. On Monday, health leaders in Iowa said more than 5 million hens would have to be euthanized after bird flu was detected at a commercial laying facility there. In the United States, some 3.5 million birds had already been euthanized to prevent the spread of the disease, according to the USDA. Iowa has about 60 million laying hens, according to the Iowa Egg Council and is the top egg producer in the country. California and Minnesota, two of the country's top 10 egg producing states have also seen cases. The news is bad for the birds, but not for humans. The CDC considers the likelihood of bird to human transmission of the virus "low" according to Dr. Alicia Fry, a medical officer with the CDC national Center for Immunization and Respiratory Disease, Influenza Division, Epidemiology and Prevention Branch. "That said, human infections have occurred" with another strain of the virus, found in Africa and in Asia, so the CDC cannot rule out the possibility of human infection, Fry said. "We are cautiously optimistic" that it won't spread to humans, but "we are prepared for the possibility," she added. They are studying the current virus and creating candidate vaccines which could be used if one were ever needed. The USDA is also working on a potential vaccine for the birds. These are typical routine public health preparedness measures. The CDC said it is also monitoring at least 100 people who have worked with sick birds. None of the workers have gotten sick themselves. Most of the people who have become infected with the other strains of the virus in Asia and Africa have had direct or prolonged contact with infected birds. The virus does not spread through people eating chickens or eggs. Birds that are sick die quickly, according to Clifford. Incubation period is three to five days generally. With turkeys, they go off their water and their feed when they are sick and become lethargic or have a condition called "torticollis" or "stargazing" he said, and they die shortly after that. Farmers also see a drop in egg production. Commercial growers have taken extra precautions to disinfect vehicle tires and any equipment that comes into contact with the birds. Workers must also disinfect their shoes and hands when they go from building to building to reduce contamination. With popular backyard birds, the USDA suggests people try and protect their animals from coming into contact with wild water fowl that may carry the virus. The CDC said, as with any evolving public health situation, they will continue to provide updated information as it becomes available. The good news is the virus doesn't like warm weather or strong sunlight, according to the USDA. So the cases should go down over the summer, but they are going to monitor the situation knowing that it could come back in the Fall.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CDC: Risk to humans is low, food supply is safe.
CDC: "We are cautiously optimistic" that it won't spread to humans.
CDC: Virus doesn't spread through people eating chickens or eggs.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 424, Total accepted tokens: 424, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Can a prayer for diamonds actually turn up a gem? When you're exploring the fields at Crater of Diamonds State Park in Murfreesboro, Arkansas, the odds are higher than usual. "Are you going to bless me and let me find a diamond today?" That was Susie Clark's prayer on April 23, according to the state park service. Soon after, Clark, who is from Evening Shade, Arkansas, saw a 3.69-carat white, teardrop-shaped diamond in the plowed field. Inspired by her prayer, Clark named it the Hallelujah Diamond. She plans to keep it. The diamond, which is the largest found at the park so far this year, is about the size of a pinto bean, says park interpreter Waymon Cox. "And it's the largest one found since April 16, 2014, when a 6.19-carat white diamond, named the Limitless Diamond, was found at the park," he said, according to a park press release. It's the 122nd diamond found at Crater of Diamonds this year. Visitors get to keep what they find at the state park's 37.5-acre search field, which is named for an ancient eruption that scattered the area with gems. The area, which became a state park in 1972, is the only public site in the world where -- for a small fee -- anyone can dig for diamonds and keep them. It's not clear how much the diamond is worth, and park officials aren't trained to appraise them, according to the park website. But Oklahoman Tara Clymer sold a 3.85-carat diamond she found at the park last year for $20,000. 50 states, 50 spots: Natural wonders . Park staff regularly plow the area to bring more diamonds to the surface for visitors to discover. The 40.23-carat Uncle Sam, the nation's largest diamond, was found in 1924, and the "perfect" 3.03-carat Strawn-Wagner diamond was found in 1990. The Strawn-Wagner Diamond was cut in 1997 by the renowned diamond firm Lazare Kaplan International of New York. The now 1.09-carat diamond is on display at the park visitor center. The park stretches for more than 900 acres along the Little Missouri River, but the diamond field is the main attraction. More than 75,000 diamonds have been discovered there since farmer John Huddleston discovered gems on what was then his property in 1906.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Susie Clark found a 3.69-carat diamond in a field at the state park.
Clark named it the Hallelujah Diamond and plans to keep it.
The diamond is the largest found at the park so far this year.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 425, Total accepted tokens: 425, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)In a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in Haiti in 2010, a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on Earth today. The latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9, which would actually makes it about 40% larger than the 7.8 currently being reported. That's less than half the size of the previous major event nearby in 1934, which killed around 10,000 people. Unfortunately, it is quite possible the number of dead in Kathmandu could rise to match it. We knew this disaster was coming eventually. Geophysicists have long monitored how fast the Earth's plates are moving, and we know that the entire subcontinent of India is being driven slowly but surely underneath Nepal and Tibet at a speed of around 1.8 inches per year. It's the reason Everest exists. Latest updates on Nepal earthquake . Over millions of years, the squeezing has crushed the Himalayas like a concertina, raising mountains to heights of several miles and triggering earthquakes on a regular basis from Pakistan to Burma. Saturday's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected, although it was larger than most. In the 81 years since the 1934 Bihar earthquake, the land mass of India has been pushed about 12 feet into Nepal. Think of all that movement getting stored in a giant spring lying under Nepal. The spring is stuck on a broad, rough surface which we call a fault plane (a fault line is what we see when it emerges from the ground). Fallen: Nepal's historic landmarks . Sometimes, energy stored in the spring gets big enough to slip catastrophically, releasing all that pent-up strain and generating shaking strong enough to destroy buildings and kill people over a huge area. The bigger the area that slips, and the larger the pent-up energy, the greater the damage. Saturday's slip took place over an area about 1,000 to 2,000 square miles over a zone spanning the cities of Kathmandu and Pokhara in one direction, and almost the entire Himalaya mountain width in the other. A part of India slid about one to 10 feet northwards and underneath Nepal in a matter of seconds. We have this kind of detailed data thanks to major advances in seismology over recent years. Using measurements of shaking recorded on seismometers scattered across the world and sent in near or real time to agencies like the U.S. Geological Survey and to universities such as Columbia, we can infer the location and magnitude of a big earthquake very quickly. Avalanches hamper Everest rescue efforts . Not just that: we can now estimate the pattern and speed of rapid sliding across its fault surface. What used to take months of careful academic study now takes minutes of computation. In Haiti in 2010, although the earthquake was more than 20 times weaker than Saturday's, well over 100,000 people are thought to have been killed around Port-au-Prince by the shaking and its after-effects. Yet despite some differences, the Nepal and Haiti earthquakes also share similarities -- both geological events were known to be approaching, and both struck areas afflicted by widespread poverty, rapid increases in population in urban areas, uncoordinated changes in building infrastructure and lack of adherence to improved building codes. About 1.45 million people live in  Kathmandu, the majority in poorly constructed homes not designed to withstand the kind of shaking seen on Saturday. Nepal has a per capita income of around $1,350, only a notch above that of Haiti, and among the lowest in the world. Meeting building codes in new construction, or taking on expensive retrofitting, is way beyond the means of most. To make matters worse, the valley itself appears to focus the destructive shaking of earthquake waves. Studies have long predicted that the Kathmandu area was due a magnitude-8 earthquake, or higher -- one study predicted between 21,000 and 42,000 fatalities if a magnitude-8.1 earthquake had struck the area. (Fortunately, Saturday's shaking was half that intensity). Still, this catastrophe comes at a delicate time for Nepal as it emerges from a long-running civil war and its economy has been improving steadily. We have to hope that recovery from both can somehow take place despite the enormous challenges ahead.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nepal's historic landmarks are in ruins.
The quake was larger than most.
The area that slipped was about 1,000 to 2,000 square miles.
The quake was not unusual or unexpected.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 426, Total accepted tokens: 426, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)Ben Powers, who played Thelma's (BernNadette Stanis) husband Keith Anderson on the final season of the classic CBS sitcom "Good Times," has died. He was 64. Powers died April 6 in New Bedford, Mass., his family announced. No cause of death was revealed. Powers joined the cast of "Good Times" for its sixth and final season from 1978 to 1979 season, playing Keith, a professional football player. His character and Thelma wed in the third episode of that season, but he injures his leg while walking out of the church, straining their relationship. Powers also had a regular role as "Moochie" on the CBS detective drama show, Mickey Spillane's Mike Hammer, from 1984 to 1985. Powers had a small part in "Cheech & Chong's Next Movie" (1980). He was back with the comedy pair in "Things Are Tough All Over" (1982). He also appeared in "The Man Who Loved Women" (1983) starring Burt Reynolds. He also guest-starred on shows such as "Gimme a Break," "Flamingo Road," "The Greatest American Hero" and "Laverne & Shirley." Born in Brooklyn and raised in Providence, R.I., by his grandparents, Alton "Ben" Powers attended the Rhode Island School of Design for painting and sketching before focusing on acting. He performed stand-up comedy routines in Providence, incorporating impressions and songs into his act, where he was discovered by a Hollywood agent. Gigs at the Playboy clubs in Los Angeles, New York and Boston led to a job in 1977 on the revived version of "Laugh-In." Survivors include his mother and his sisters Yvonne and Maya. People we've lost in 2015 . ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ben Powers died April 6 in New Bedford, Mass., his family announced.
He was 64, and no cause of death was revealed.
Powers joined the cast of "Good Times" for its sixth and final season.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 427, Total accepted tokens: 427, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tokyo (CNN)A crowd gathers near the entrance of Tokyo's upscale Mitsukoshi Department Store, which traces its roots to a kimono shop in the late 17th century. Fitting with the store's history, the new greeter wears a traditional Japanese kimono while delivering information to the growing crowd, whose expressions vary from amusement to bewilderment. It's hard to imagine the store's founders in the late 1600's could have imagined this kind of employee. That's because the greeter is not a human -- it's a robot. Aiko Chihira is an android manufactured by Toshiba, designed to look and move like a real person. It was put on temporary display at the department store. Toshiba says Chihira has 43 motors allowing it to move, speak in sign language and even sing. The regular greeter, Ayako Seiryu, says she's not worried about a robot replacing her -- even one made to resemble a real 32-year-old woman. "Communication is important," she says. "My strength is I can actually talk to people." Chihira can't have a conversation yet, acknowledges Hitoshi Tokuda, Toshiba spokesperson. But he says the technology is evolving quickly and someday, robots like Chihira could replace humans for certain jobs. A growing number of Japanese businesses are testing out robots as a possible solution to the country's shrinking workforce. They're appearing in stores, banks and soon even hotels. Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ is trying out "Nao," a customer service robot that answers basic questions and is designed to speak 19 languages. The robotic polygot could prove useful serving foreign customers during the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. By then, the bank hopes to have even more robots on staff. "Pepper" is a humanoid robot that "chats" with customers. A humanoid has human-like characteristics such as arms, legs and a head -- but is designed to look like a robot. Pepper first began appearing in Tokyo stores last year. Manufacturer Softbank hopes it'll eventually be a "family robot," like a sleeker version of Rosie on "The Jetsons." Meet Pepper -- the world's first emo robot . A hotel scheduled to open at Huis Ten Bosch theme park in Nagasaki this summer plans to have 10 robot staff members and aims to increase that to more than 90% of hotel services operated by robots. Today's novelty could be tomorrow's necessity. Japan has an aging population that has prompted serious talks about how to incorporate robots into the nation's shrinking workforce. One group that seems willing to embrace robots are Japan's senior citizens. A survey by nursing home operator Orix Living found more seniors would feel comfortable being cared for by a robot than a foreign nurse. In a nation with a dwindling population, waning workforce, and deep resistance to immigration, it seems robots will only play a larger role in Japan's future.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Aiko Chihira is an android manufactured by Toshiba, designed to look and move like a real person.
The regular greeter, Ayako Seiryu, says she's not worried about a robot replacing her.
Japan has an aging population that has prompted serious talks about how to incorporate robots into the nation's shrinking workforce.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 428, Total accepted tokens: 428, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Buckle up for another Mercedes battle in the Formula One world championship. Lewis Hamilton took victory for the Silver Arrows at the Chinese Grand Prix -- only for his teammate Nico Rosberg to later claim he had ruined his race by driving slowly. The reigning world champion captured his 35th grand prix win with a peerless pole-to-flag win under Shanghai's sunny skies. "It was great to have a smooth weekend," the British racer said before spraying the champagne on the podium. "The team have done a fantastic job to up our pace and improve after our last race where we struggled a bit." F1 championship standings . Hamilton had lost the Malaysia Grand Prix in a strategic battle with the Ferrari of Sebastian Vettel but it was business as usual in Shanghai. Rosberg came home second for Mercedes to snuff out the threat from the chasing Italian racers and renew his rivalry with Hamilton. "It was an important comeback for the team," said the 2014 championship runner-up. Ferrari continued to put pressure on the world champion team with Vettel finishing third to collect his third straight podium of 2015. "We just wanted to bring the podium back home," said Vettel, a four-time world champion with Red Bull Racing. "It's been three out of three so far so it feels pretty good. I feel happy in the team and hopefully we can get a little bit closer to challenge these guys." Vettel is just 13 points behind Hamilton in the world championship and four points ahead of Rosberg, after the first three races of the year. Rosberg unhappy . It was a disheartening weekend for Rosberg -- the son of 1982 world champion Keke -- and he allowed his frustrations to spill over for the first time this season. On Saturday, Hamilton beat him to pole position by just 0.042 seconds and Rosberg complained to his engineers on the pit to car radio: "Oh, come on guys!" Then the German insisted his race was hampered when he found himself sandwiched between race leader Hamilton and Vettel, both of whom had stopped for fresh tyres a few laps earlier. "Lewis is driving very slowly. Tell him to speed up," Rosberg told the Mercedes pit wall. Mercedes then instructed Hamilton on the team radio: "OK Lewis we'd like to pick the pace up a little bit." Rosberg complained after the race that Hamilton's lackadaisical Sunday driving was holding him up, pushing him back into Vettel's thrall and taking life out of his tyres. "It's interesting to hear from you Lewis about your pace up front," Rosberg said in the post-race media conference. "That was compromising my race. Driving slowly, that was unnecessary, and meant Sebastian was closer to me. "It cost me a lot of time ... I'm unhappy about that of course." Hamilton responded: "It's not my job to look after Nico's race. It's my job to bring the car home. "I didn't do anything intentionally to slow the cars down. If Nico had wanted to get by he could have tried, but he didn't." Bahrain . Hamilton has won two grands prix in 2015 while Rosberg has yet to climb onto the top step of the podium. If the German is to repeat his thrilling 2014 world title challenge, which went down to the final race in Abu Dhabi, he will need to turn things around soon. Rosberg has the chance to exorcise his frustrations on track at the Bahrain Grand Prix in just seven day's time. Ferrari will hope the hot track temperatures at the desert race will help them topple Mercedes again, as they did on Sepang's sizzling circuit. The Italian team have the horsepower. Vettel finished less than three seconds behind Hamilton in China with Ferrari teammate Kimi Raikkonen fourth. There was also a small feat further down the field as former Ferrari race winner Fernando Alonso finished his first race for the McLaren Honda partnership with 12th place in China. The Spanish double world champion missed the Australian Grand Prix because of a head injury sustained in testing and then retired in Malaysia.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Lewis Hamilton takes victory for the Silver Arrows at the Chinese Grand Prix.
The 35th grand prix win is the 2015 title challenge for the world champion.
Nico Rosberg comes home second for Mercedes to snuff out the threat from the chasing Italian racers.
Ferrari continue to put pressure on the world champion team with Sebastian Vettel third.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 429, Total accepted tokens: 429, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Richard Dysart, the award-winning stage actor who gained  fame playing law firm leader Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law," has died. He was 86. He died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California, according to his wife, Kathryn Jacobi Dysart. For decades, Dysart was a noted TV and film character actor, and stage star, winning a Drama Desk award for playing coach in Jason Miller's Pulitzer Prize-winning play, "That Championship Season." But it was as McKenzie, the occasionally crusty paterfamilias on "L.A. Law," that he's likely best remembered. 'L.A. Law': Sex, crime and the 'Venus Butterfly' McKenzie usually took a back seat to the younger, more glamorous characters on "Law," a Steven Bochco-created legal show that owed much to his previous hit, "Hill Street Blues." The employees of McKenzie, Brackman, Chaney and Kuzak included Harry Hamlin's smooth-talking Michael Kuzak, Corbin Bernsen's skirt-chasing divorce attorney Arnie Becker and Michele Greene's idealistic Abby Perkins. There was as much time devoted to bedroom activities as there was legal issues while the show bravely took on such topics as AIDS, child molestation and capital punishment. But McKenzie was the one who kept them in check while still encouraging their better instincts. (Alan Rachins' Douglas Brackman was the business guy.) He was also involved in one of the show's most surprising plot twists: a romantic affair with a rival, Rosalind Shays (Diana Muldaur), who met with one of TV's most shocking deaths -- plunging down an elevator shaft. Dysart appeared in every episode of the show, which ran from 1986 to 1994. After "L.A. Law" ended, Dysart took few roles, though he did return for an "L.A. Law" reunion movie in 2002. Dysart's other credits include 1971's "The Hospital," 1975's "The Day of the Locust," 1979's "Being There," John Carpenter's 1982 version of "The Thing," 1985's "The Falcon and the Snowman" and 1987's "Mask." He is survived by Jacobi Dysart, his wife of nearly three decades, a son and two grandchildren. CNN's Rachel Wells contributed to this story.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Richard Dysart died of cancer at his home in Santa Monica, California.
He was 86 and won a Drama Desk award for playing coach in "That Championship Season"
Dysart was best known for his role as Leland McKenzie on "L.A. Law"
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 430, Total accepted tokens: 430, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A longtime friend of Joni Mitchell has filed a legal petition seeking to be named the singer-songwriter's conservator. Mitchell, who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997, was taken to UCLA Medical Center a month ago after being found unconscious in her home. She remains at the hospital, according to Leslie Morris' court petition filed April 28. Morris is described as Mitchell's friend of more than 44 years in the legal documents. Whether the folk and jazz singer is conscious remains a matter of some confusion. In her April 28 petition, Morris says Mitchell is unconscious: "At this time she (Mitchell) remains unconscious and unable to make any responses, and is therefore unable to provide for any of her personal needs." But on Mitchell's website, a statement posted the same day that says it was approved by Morris says Mitchell is alert. "Contrary to rumors circulating on the Internet today, Joni is not in a coma. Joni is still in the hospital -- but she comprehends, she's alert, and she has her full senses. A full recovery is expected. The document obtained by a certain media outlet simply gives her longtime friend Leslie Morris the authority -- in the absence of 24-hour doctor care -- to make care decisions for Joni once she leaves the hospital." When asked about the discrepancy between statements about Mitchell's health on her website and in the legal filing, her publicist, Alisse Kingsley, responded that "the website" was accurate. A doctor's capacity declaration stated that Mitchell will likely be unable, due to her medical condition, to attend any court hearings for the next four to six months. Adoring fans are posting their tributes to Mitchell at WeLoveYouJoni.com. Sonya Hamasaki and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mitchell is in hospital after being found unconscious in her home.
Her friend, Leslie Morris, is seeking to be named her conservator.
Morris says Mitchell is unconscious: "At this time she remains unconscious"
Mitchell's website says she is alert.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 431, Total accepted tokens: 431, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)With the announcement that E! will air a new documentary series this summer about Bruce Jenner's transition from male to female, fans are eagerly awaiting bearing witness to the former Olympian's journey. The as yet not titled eight-part, one-hour series is set to premiere July 26. Jenner, who along with his family has starred in the hit E! reality series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians," recently went public with the fact that he is transgender. Here are a few things we hope the new show will offer: . A closer look at Jenner's current relationship with his former wife . Fans of "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" often got to see the sometimes strained relationship between Bruce and his wife Kris. As the Kardashian family matriarch who also manages her kids' careers, Kris butted heads with Bruce over everything from their children to his desire for more privacy. The pair announced they had filed for divorce in September 2014 after some time of living apart. There has been plenty of speculation regarding Kris Jenner's feelings about Bruce's transitioning though she tweeted her support after he made the announcement Friday during an interview with ABC's Diane Sawyer. What role he will take in the transgender community . Before he was a realty television star, Jenner was a popular motivational speaker. He is already being hailed for bringing attention to the transgender community. "Bruce is incredibly courageous and an inspiration, and we are proud to be entrusted with this deeply personal and important story," said Jeff Olde, executive vice president of programming and development for E! "This series will present an unfiltered look as Bruce boldly steps into uncharted territory and is true to himself for the first time." According to E! Jennifer Finney Boylan, who is the national co-chair of GLAAD, will serve as a consultant on Jenner's series. "Orange Is the New Black" actress Laverne Cox, who is transgender, has also offered Jenner her support. "I think a lot of people tuned in expecting to see a spectacle, and they tuned in and saw a profoundly nuanced, complicated, beautiful human being," Cox told MSNBC's Janet Mock. His relationship with his kids . Jenner is extremely close with his children. He has six biological kids with former wives Chrystie Scott, Linda Thompson, and Kris Jenner.  He also helped raise Kris Jenner's four children -- Kourtney, Kim, Khloe and Robert Kardashian -- from her first marriage. "Those are the ones I'm concerned with and the only ones I don't -- I can't allow, I can't let myself hurt them," Jenner told Sawyer during their interview about his fear in telling his children. Many of his kids appear supportive of his transition and his two youngest, daughter Kendall and Kylie, released the following statement to ABC about their father: "We love our dad very much as he is an amazing father. We couldn't ask for a better dad. He has the biggest heart and all we want for him is to be happy. If he's happy, we're happy." How fans will react . Jenner has long been one of the world's most popular Olympic gold medalists. Viewers of "Keeping Up with the Kardashians" often praised him for being so level-headed amidst all the paparazzi-fueled chaos. But with his new series Jenner will be taking center stage and venturing into completely new territory at a time when some still grapple with issues of gender and sexuality. He sounds like he is ready. "We're going to make a difference in the world with what we're doing, and if the whole Kardashian show gave me a foothold into that world, to be able to go out there and do something good, I got not problem with that," Jenner told Sawyer.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: E! will air a new documentary series about Bruce Jenner's transition.
Jenner, who along with his family has starred in the hit E! reality series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians," recently went public with the fact that he is transgender.
Jenner is extremely close with his children.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 432, Total accepted tokens: 432, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Freddie Gray was arrested Baltimore police on the morning of April 12 without incident, according to police. Less than an hour after he was detained, officers transporting him called for a medic. He subsequently slipped into a coma, dying a week after his initial arrest. So what happened? The events surrounding Gray's encounter with police remain unclear. To shed light on what happened, police released a more detailed timeline of events on Monday, and officials speaking at a news conference elaborated on specifics of the events. "We want to clear up some of the confusions that may exist," Baltimore Deputy Police Commissioner Jerry Rodriguez said. "We will be looking specifically at our actions from the point that we came into contact with Mr. Gray up until the time we requested medical assistance -- specifically, did we miss any warnings? Should we have acted sooner? Should we have acted in any different manner?" This is what police say occurred: . --- . 8:39:12 a.m., Sunday, April 12 . At the corner of North Avenue and Mount Street in Baltimore, a police officer makes eye contact with two individuals, one of them Gray. Both individuals start running southbound as officers begin pursuing them. 8:39:52 a.m. One unit (officer) says "I got him" at 1700 Presbury Street, two blocks south of North and Mount. 8:40:12 a.m. An officer says we've got one and confirms the address of 1700 Presbury, where Gray gave up without the use of force, according to Rodriguez. One officer took out his stun gun but did not deploy it, he said. 8:42:52 a.m. Gray asks for an inhaler. Police request a "wagon" to transport him. 8:46:02 a.m. The van's driver says he believes Gray is acting "irate" in the back, according to Rodriguez . 8:46:12 a.m. At the corner of Mount Street and Baker Street, an officer asks the vehicle driver to stop so they can finish paperwork. At that point, Gray is placed in leg irons and put back in the wagon. Police interviewed several witnesses in the community with regard to that specific stop, Rodriguez said. The videos that were filmed by bystanders show events similar to what Rodriguez describes happens at this point. 8:54:02 a.m. The wagon clears Mount Street and heads southbound towards central booking. 8:59:52 a.m. The van's driver asks for an additional unit to "check on his prisoner [Gray]," Rodriguez said. Another individual is arrested and a wagon is requested. Before the wagon leaves, there is "some communication" with Gray, according to Rodriguez. They then travel to the police cepartment/s western district with Gray and the other suspect in the wagon. The two are separated by a metal barrier and the two had no physical contact. 9:24:32 a.m. A medic is called. --- . An autopsy on Gray's body was done on Monday, according to Rodriguez . He said there was no evidence that force was used against Gray, nor did any officers describe using any force against him. "When Mr. Gray was placed inside that van, he was able to talk, he was upset, and when Mr. gray was taken out of that van he could not talk and he could not breath," Rodriguez said. "I know Mr. Gray suffered a very traumatic injury, but I don't know if it happened prior to him getting into the van or while he was in the van."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Freddie Gray was arrested without incident on April 12.
He slipped into a coma and died a week after his arrest.
Police released a more detailed timeline of events on Monday.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 433, Total accepted tokens: 433, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)About 20 hours after the Boston Marathon started Monday, many of the cheering crowds had dispersed and the streets were cleared. But one man, despite the odds against him, crossed the finish line. Venezuelan native Maickel Melamed, who is battling muscular dystrophy, completed the 26.2 miles just before 5 a.m. Tuesday. A group of energized fans rallied for the 39-year-old as he walked down Boylston Street in the pouring rain with volunteers from his foundation, Vamos. He was the last participant to complete the race, CNN affiliate WCVB-TV reported. Friends who were waiting for Melamed to cross the finish line said the university professor and motivational speaker is dedicated and motivated. "He wants to show that life is great, no matter how many problems you can have," friend Perla Sananes said. Melamed was born with muscular dystrophy, which causes progressive weakness and loss of muscle mass throughout the body. As the disease progresses, people with the condition have difficulty doing physical activities like running and walking. Melamed has completed marathons in Chicago, New York, Berlin and Tokyo. Boston has a special place in his heart because his parents brought him to the city as a baby, WCVB-TV said. His perseverance was celebrated by crowds at the marathon finish line Tuesday morning, and also by fans online. Melamed is one of about 30,000 participants who raced in this year's marathon, which comes less than two weeks after a jury found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev guilty of all 30 charges related to the 2013 Boston bombings. On social media Monday, spectators cheered for runners and the city, calling the marathon a symbol of strength and unity.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Maickel Melamed completes marathon in Boston.
Melamed is battling muscular dystrophy, a progressive disease.
Melamed was born with the condition, which causes muscle weakness.
Melamed has completed marathons in Chicago, New York, Berlin and Tokyo.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 434, Total accepted tokens: 434, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Shanghai, China (CNN)Volvo says it will begin exporting vehicles made in a factory in southwest China to the United States next month, the first time Chinese-built passenger cars will roll into American showrooms. Parent company Geely Automobile, which bought Volvo in 2010, is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand. Geely's gambit will be watched to see if it paves the way for other Chinese car manufacturers to crack developed markets. CEO Håkan Samuelsson said Volvo planned to sell 1,500 Chinese-made S60 Inscription sedans in 2015 and 5,000 annually in subsequent years. For many U.S. consumers, China is still more closely linked with cheap clothing and electronics than luxury vehicles, but Samuelsson downplayed any concerns about quality. "We don't highlight where the vehicle is built but we don't keep it a secret. We sell them as Volvos and we know they are exactly the same in quality no matter where they are produced," he told CNN. The car will be one of four models produced in a manufacturing plant in Chengdu that opened in 2013. But given that Volvo's brand is staked on its reputation for safety, analysts said the company will have to tread carefully. "They have a strong enough reputation no matter where they're made. They will have to make sure they don't ruin that perception with any quality issues," said Raymond Tsang, a Shanghai-based partner at consultants Bain & Company. China surpassed the U.S. as the largest market for car sales globally in 2009, and most major automakers build cars in China. But until now those cars have been sold almost exclusively in China. Chinese car manufacturers like Geely and its rival Great Wall Motor do export their models to countries in Africa, the Middle East and Eastern Europe. But none have so far dared tackle developed markets like the U.S. and Western Europe. Geely chairman Li Shufu said he hoped the company would eventually become a global car brand, but said there were no current plans to begin export its home-grown brand to U.S. showrooms. "We have the ambition, yes; determination yes, but I'm also [a] very realistic person," he said. Industry analysts say it's unlikely we will see Chinese car makers shake up the U.S. car market in the same way Japanese and South Korean manufacturers did decades earlier, at least in the near future. "Hyundai and Toyota are now extremely successful but it took them decades to move away from being perceived as lower end and lower quality than U.S. cars," said Tsang. "And now the market is even more competitive, especially for entry level models." READ MORE: China wants eyes on cars not models at Shanghai Auto Show .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Volvo plans to sell 1,500 Chinese-made S60 Inscription sedans in 2015.
Volvo's parent company Geely Automobile is seeking to prove that a Chinese company can manage a global auto brand.
Analysts say the company will have to tread carefully.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 435, Total accepted tokens: 435, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The man who beat serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer to death inside a Wisconsin prison says he did it because of Dahmer's creepy sense of humor -- which included turning prison food into fake limbs covered with ketchup to resemble blood, the New York Post reports. Christopher Scarver, who was sentenced to two life terms in prison for killing Dahmer and another man at Columbia Correctional Institution in 1994, said the confessed cannibal would leave the fake limbs around the prison where others would find them. "He crossed the line with some people -- prisoners, prison staff," the newspaper quoted Scarver as saying. "Some people who are in prison are repentant -- but he was not one of them." In a separate story, the Post quotes Dahmer's former prison minister as saying the convict would make jokes about this cannibalistic past. "If he saw a guard that was nervous and standing near enough to hear him, he would say, 'I bite,'" the newspaper quoted the pastor, Roy Ratcliff, as saying. "Usually the guard would jump away and that would make Jeff laugh." "He sort of played with his persona to exaggerate it and make people more fearful," Ratcliff said. "This was just his way — a morbid humor to deal with his hopeless situation." Scarver was convicted of killing Dahmer on November 28, 1994. He told the Post that he killed Dahmer and another inmate, Jesse Anderson, after an altercation while they were together unsupervised on a work detail. Scarver said he kept a newspaper article detailing Dahmer's crimes, which included killing 17 men and boys between 1978 and 1991, having sex with corpses, keeping some of the body parts and eating others. Just before he killed Dahmer, Scarver said, he confronted him with the clipping. "I asked him if he did those things 'cause I was fiercely disgusted. He was shocked. Yes, he was," the Post quoted Scarver as saying. Scarver said he hit Dahmer twice in the head with a metal bar from a weight room. He then killed Anderson, who was working in a different room.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Christopher Scarver says he killed Jeffrey Dahmer because of his sense of humor.
Scarver was convicted of killing Dahmer and another inmate in 1994.
Dahmer's former prison minister says the convicted would make jokes about cannibalism.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 436, Total accepted tokens: 436, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Moscow (CNN)Never mind. North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has backed out of next month's visit to Moscow for World War II anniversary celebrations, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Thursday. "We were informed of the decision via diplomatic channels," Peskov said. "The decision is connected with North Korean domestic affairs." The visit was highly anticipated because it would have marked Kim's first official foreign trip since inheriting the leadership of North Korea in late 2011. He was to have met with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the May visit to coincide with Victory Day, marking the 70th anniversary of the Soviet Union's victory over Nazi Germany in World War II. Kim also could have had the chance to rub elbows with the heads of about 30 other governments, including the leaders of China, Cuba, India, Germany, Vietnam and Venezuela. This number represents about half the world leaders that Russia has said it invited to the celebrations. Kim's trip had been anticipated since late December, when Russian state media reported that Moscow had extended an invitation. There was no further explanation, from Moscow or Pyongyang, as to why he wouldn't head west. Still, North Korea has a number of issues it's been wrestling with for years. They include widespread poverty, its longstanding spat with neighboring South Korea and the United States, as well as its international isolation largely due to its controversial nuclear program. And news about Kim's non-visit comes a day after South Korean intelligence agents told lawmakers that Kim is ruling with an iron fist, having ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year. CNN cannot independently confirm the executions detailed by Shin Kyung-min, a lawmaker with the New Politics Alliance for Democracy who attended the closed briefing.  And the nature of the intelligence supporting the allegations was not immediately clear. That said, North Korea is one of the most closed societies in the world. And there's little doubt that Kim is very much in charge. According to Shin, intelligence officials say the North Korean leader is ruling in an impromptu manner and does not countenance excuses or any views that vary with his own. CNN's Madison Park and Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report. CNN's Matthew Chance reported from Moscow, and CNN's Ed Payne and Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: North Korean leader Kim Jong Un has backed out of next month's visit to Moscow.
Kim was to have met with Russian President Vladimir Putin as part of the May visit.
Kim could have had the chance to rub elbows with the heads of about 30 other governments.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 437, Total accepted tokens: 437, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)For the fifth year in a row in 2014, ambush attacks on police officers were the No. 1 cause of felonious deaths of law enforcement officers in the line of duty. Nevertheless, Google continues to market a smartphone application that lets lawbreakers pinpoint the location of police officers in the field. Google's executives won't even discuss the subject with organizations representing law enforcement. Google's popular real-time traffic app, Waze, uses GPS navigation and crowdsourcing to alert users to traffic jams, automobile accidents, stalled cars, and through its "traffic cop" feature, the presence of law enforcement. Most people undoubtedly use Waze's police-finding feature to avoid traffic tickets, but the app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers. In the days before he assassinated New York police officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu at point blank range while they sat in their patrol car last December, Ismaaiyl Brinsley is known to have used the Waze application to monitor the movements of police officers. The killer identified the location of police on his own Waze account and even posted screen captures to Instagram. While Google (which acquired Waze in 2013 for a reported $1.1 billion) claims the app "is all about contributing to the 'common good' out there on the road," the risks far outweigh the potential benefits. Every day, thousands of police officers and deputies enforce traffic laws, execute arrest and search warrants, investigate domestic violence complaints and perform countless tasks that are needed to keep our neighborhoods safe and remove criminals from the streets. It takes just a couple of clicks on Waze's "traffic cop" icon to identify their locations and indicate whether -- in the opinion of the anonymous user -- the officer is "visible" or "invisible." At that moment, the officer or deputy becomes an identifiable target whose whereabouts are available to any one of Waze's 50 million users worldwide. Social media has made enormous contributions to law enforcement as a "force multiplier" that lets citizens help police protect our communities. As we have seen with the emergence of crimes like identity theft, however, technology has the potential for evil as well as good. In the case of Waze, we are confronted with a tool that can be lethal to police officers and deputies, whose roles in society are to protect our citizens and enforce the laws that keep our communities safe. Google, whose stated mission is "to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful," is now marketing an app with the potential to obstruct law enforcement and put the lives of police officers and deputies at risk. Even the more benign uses of Waze's "traffic cop" feature are concerning. In 2013, 10,076 people were killed in alcohol-related automobile accidents. And in 2011, 9,944 people lost their lives in speed-related fatal crashes. Is the highest, best use of Google's geo-mapping and crowdsourcing capabilities to help drunk drivers avoid checkpoints and give speeders assistance in evading speed limits? It's not just the speeders and drunk drivers who have access to the locations of police officers through Google's technology. Perpetrators of domestic violence can use it to find out about the presence of law enforcement in a spouse's neighborhood; gang members, narcotics dealers, even those intent on perpetrating an act of terror, all have access to Waze's "traffic cop" feature. Google has built a solid reputation as a good corporate neighbor, tying for first place in a 2013 study by the Reputation Institute measuring companies' reputations for corporate social responsibility. The company makes much of its compliance with legal, moral and ethical obligations as a good corporate neighbor. But when it comes to Waze, Google has gone into a defensive crouch. The company's executives flat out refused to discuss the subject with representatives of the National Sheriffs' Association, an organization representing more than 3,000 sheriff's offices across the United States. The refusal of Google's executives to even dignify our concerns by meeting with us offends our conscience. If Google's real objective is the "common good out there on the road," it will work with us to ensure the safety of both motorists and police officers. The goals are not mutually exclusive: we can have both.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Google's popular real-time traffic app, Waze, alerts users to police officers.
The app poses an enormous risk to deputies and police officers.
The company's executives flat out refused to discuss the subject with us.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 438, Total accepted tokens: 438, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Shanghai, China (CNN)With a well-paid job in finance and his own apartment, Li Lifei is living the Chinese dream. But there's one missing ingredient -- his own car. The 26-year old has his eye on a Volkswagen Tiguan but Shanghai, like many large Chinese cities, rations license plates as it looks for a solution to its gridlocked roads and polluted skies. To register for a license plate auction, prospective car buyers like Li must put down a deposit in exchange for disc containing software they can use to bid online. The auctions take place once a month on a Saturday morning. "I've been trying for six months with no success," Li told CNN. To boost his chances, Li upgraded the speed of his Internet connection from 10 to 50 mbps but to no avail. Each month there are around 10,000 license plates available. At the most recent auction on Saturday, Li said the final price was 80,600 yuan ($13,000) -- around three times the price of a cheap Chinese car and a third of what Li plans to spend on his SUV. It's possible to get a temporary license, but that has to be renewed every month, and Li says he doesn't want to use a huangniu, or middleman, some of whom employ hundreds of bidders to obtain the coveted registration. "I know people who've been trying for more than a year," he said. Another option would be to buy a hybrid vehicle that automatically qualifies for a license plate -- a selling point not lost on the car manufacturers showing their latest models and concepts at the Shanghai Auto Show this week. Toyota, Volkswagen and Volvo all launched gasoline-electric hybrids for the Chinese market at the show, while Chinese manufacturer BYD has been an early pioneer of electric and hybrid cars. "The infrastructure (charging stations) for electric vehicles is not quite there yet but that's the advantage of a hybrid -- you can have both," said Volvo CEO Hakan Samuelsson. But Chinese drivers haven't wholeheartedly embraced the concept. Even though China overtook the United States as the world's largest car market in 2009, sales of electric and hybrid vehicles, while increasing quickly, still lag behind the U.S., where more than 100,000 were sold last year. And it's thought many are sold to local authorities and state industries, which are responding to central government directives. Few Chinese have American-style garages where the vehicles can be charged overnight. Li said he thought it would be inconvenient. "I don't want a hybrid car. I thought maybe a Tesla but it's too expensive," he said, referring to the hyper luxury electric sports car developed by Elon Musk that has seen weak sales in China. For others, the hassles of buying and owning a car have become too much and some affluent city dwellers are spurning cars. Shanghai resident Lei Gu, 35, learned to drive as a student and Microsoft employee in Seattle and loved driving her compact Geo on the open U.S. roads. But when she returned to China nine years ago, she chose not to purchase a car. "I used to love driving but I don't think I could drive here even if I wanted to. "Even though we have traffic rules, people don't follow them. I can barely cross the street." She's also put off by the congested traffic and the high cost of parking. If Shanghai's extensive subway system doesn't take her where she wants to go, she uses a popular Uber-like taxi app -- or rents a car. She's not alone. A recent report by consultants Bain & Company suggested that even though China's love affair with the car began late, it may already be souring. Of 2,137 people it surveyed, some 40% said cars were losing their appeal as a status symbol. Gu says luxury cars like BMWs and Mercedes are still an important way to "show face" among many of her friends. "If you've been working for 10 years and don't have a car, people might wonder if you have financial problems," she said. But she prefers to spend her money on other things like traveling abroad. "I do care about face but there are other ways to show it."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Li Lifei is trying to get a license plate for his car in Shanghai.
He says he's been trying for six months with no success.
Li says he doesn't want to use a huangniu, or middleman.
Li says he thought it would be inconvenient to buy a hybrid car.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 439, Total accepted tokens: 439, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)In a sobering example of life imitating art, the chaos sweeping the streets of Baltimore may have been partly inspired by a series of action-horror movies. Baltimore police said rioting at a shopping mall and elsewhere Monday afternoon started amid rumors, spread on social media, of a "purge" led by large groups of marauding high school students. The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel, last year's "The Purge: Anarchy," about a dystopian future America where on one day each year, all laws are suspended for a 12-hour period and all crimes, including murder, become temporarily legal. In the movies, set in Los Angeles, people barricade themselves in their homes at night while gangs of violent "purgers" roam the streets. The government markets the sanctioned mayhem as a catharsis that reduces crime on the other 364 days of the year -- when in fact it's really a means of population control, mostly against people living in poor urban neighborhoods. Both "Purge" movies were box-office hits and a third installment, "The Purge: Vengeance," is planned for 2016. The Baltimore Sun reported that a flier circulated widely among city school students via social media touted a "purge" to begin Monday at 3 p.m. at Mondawmin Mall and end downtown. The flier included an image of protesters smashing the windshield of a police car in Baltimore on Saturday, the Sun said. How Baltimore police, protesters battle on Twitter . Maryland's largest city has been on edge since an African-American man, Freddie Gray, died April 19 from a spinal cord injury he suffered while in police custody. Peaceful protests gave way to violence Saturday night and again Monday, as agitators threw bricks at police, looted stores and set fire to cars and buildings. Scattered references to #purge and #ThePurge began appearing in Twitter and Instagram posts Monday about the unrest in Baltimore.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Chaos sweeping the streets of Baltimore may have been partly inspired by a series of action-horror movies.
Police: Rioting started amid rumors, spread on social media, of a "purge"
The term appears to be a reference to 2013's "The Purge" and its sequel, last year's "The Purge: Anarchy"
In the movies, set in Los Angeles, people barricade themselves in their homes at night.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 440, Total accepted tokens: 440, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Have Mercy! Lifetime has its follow-up to its "Unauthorized Saved By the Bell" TV movie: the network is now taking on Full House. The female-skewing cable network has greenlit "The Unauthorized Full House Story" (working title), The Hollywood Reporter has learned. In the same vein as its "Saved By the Bell" pic, Lifetime's Full House Story will look at the rise of the cast — including John Stamos, Bob Saget and the Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen — and explore the pressure they faced to balance idyllic family life on the show with the more complicated reality of their own lives outside the series. Additionally, it will look at the warm bond that grew between the cast as the show became one of America's most beloved family sitcoms. Casting will begin immediately. An air date for the "Full House" tell-all has yet to be determined. See more Broadcast TV's Returning Shows 2015-16 . Ron McGee, who penned the "Unauthorized Saved by the Bell Story," will write the "Full House" take. The telepic will be produced by the Bell team of Front Street Pictures and Ringaling Productions, with Harvey Kahn and Stephen Bulka also on board to exec produce. For Lifetime, the news comes after its two-hour Bell take fizzled on Labor Day 2014. Despite tons of build-up and excitement from diehard fans of the original comedy series, the Bell take drew only 1.6 million total viewers, with 1.1 million viewers among the 18-49 and 25-54 demographics. That pic was based on former star Dustin Diamond's Behind the Bell 2009 tell-all, with Dylan Everett starring as Mark-Paul Gosselaar and Sam Kindseth as Diamond. Full House aired on ABC from 1987 to 1995. Netflix this month revived the beloved family comedy as "Fuller House," with original stars Candace Cameron-Bure (D.J.), her on-screen sister, Jodie Sweetin (Stephanie), and best friend Andrea Barber (Kimmy), in a 13-episode follow-up series. From its start as an unassuming family comedy in 1987 to its eventual wildly popular 192-episode run, "Full House" was "the little sitcom that could." It made huge stars of its cast — from Bob Saget and Dave Coulier, who were grinding away on the standup circuit, to John Stamos breaking hearts on General Hospital, and the Olsen twins. See the original story at The Hollywood Reporter's website. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Lifetime greenlights "The Unauthorized Full House Story"
The network will look at the rise of the cast and explore the pressure they faced.
The telepic will be produced by the Bell team of Front Street Pictures and Ringaling Productions.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 441, Total accepted tokens: 441, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Chile's Calbuco Volcano erupted again Thursday, marking the third time since last week, the National Service of Geology and Mining said. Gregorio Billikopf lives across Lake Llanquihue from the volcano has been photographing and videotaping the three eruptions and described Thursday's event as spectacular but not as severe as the two prior ones. "There is still smoke on and off, but nothing so dramatic (as before)," said Billikopf, a retired university adviser on agricultural issues. "On a good day I can see about eight volcanoes. "I understand that the rain that was announced for today would have been a disaster," he added. He lives in a rainy part of Chile, which he described as like a Garden of Eden. The explosion produced an extensive plume, but it was also described as smaller than the eruptions on April 22 and April 23, according to CNN Chile. Deputy Interior Minister Mahmud Aleuy said about 1,500 people were evacuated, and security measures will continue as "contingency plans are operating," CNN Chile reported Thursday. For the past several days, the geology agency has maintained there was a possibility of a third eruption as part of steadily declining seismic activity in the area. A 20-kilometer (12-mile) exclusion zone has been established around the crater, and Chilean authorities have been keeping residents away from that zone. Last week, military and police forces helped evacuate more than 4,400 residents, the Interior Ministry said then. The seismic event is sure to add to the volume of ash already spewed since the first eruption. Ash spread to Argentina in the second eruption, which occurred a day after the first. Evacuations in the region involved not only people but also animals. The volcanic debris has landed and piled up in some places to a depth of almost 2 feet, the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety said. New advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12,000 feet. There was no immediate information on the strength of the third eruption, but government officials have said the second, spectacular nighttime eruption was stronger than the first one. Last week in Ensenada, houses, trees and even sheep were blanketed gray with ash. People were removing salmon -- a staple of the local economy -- because of fears of contamination from ash and lava. Trucks were used to evacuate farm animals and pets. Authorities last week issued a red alert for the popular tourist towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas in southern Chile. Last week, people were being evacuated to Puerto Montt on 22 buses and military trucks, the Interior Ministry said. Officials said that volcanic flows from Calbuco caused rising water levels in the Río Blanco. The first eruption set off a bit of a panic in the region. "At the beginning, it was small, and later, the cloud grew. And later, there was a huge cloud over you and true terror starts," a Puerto Montt resident said. Another person said: "It was impressive to see an enormous mushroom cloud, with the immense force of the volcano, and to see the ashes. At that point, there was a lot of panic, lots of chaos, traffic jams, people going to supermarkets, everyone looking for water, trying to take out money from the ATMs." Magma expanse under Yellowstone supervolcano more vast than thought . The eruption is a first for many in the region. The last major eruption was in 1962. There was a minor eruption in 1972. Calbuco also belched out a bit of gas and smoke in 1996. CNN's Shasta Darlington contributed from Sao Paolo, Brazil. CNN's Michael Pearson also contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Government says 1,500 people evacuated.
NEW: Ash spread to Argentina in the second eruption.
NEW: Evacuations in the region involved not only people but also animals.
NEW: The volcanic debris has landed and piled up in some places to a depth of almost 2 feet.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 442, Total accepted tokens: 442, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The seventh installment of the "Fast and Furious" franchise," "Furious 7" is sure to draw fans curious about how the film handles the real-life death of co-star Paul Walker. But minus the off-screen tragedy, is "Furious 7" worth racing to the theater? Here's what the critics are saying: . Peter Travers, Rolling Stone: " 'Furious 7' is the best F&F by far, two hours of pure pow fueled by dedication and passionate heart. This one sticks with you. The usual flaws -- plot bumps, muscle acting, tweet-length dialogue -- fade in the face of the camaraderie on and off screen. Finishing the film in Walker's honor clearly brought out the best in everyone. It's bittersweet seeing Walker in action again. But it's also a kick to watch him take the wheel or hang off a bus in Azerbaijan that happens to be hanging off a cliff. He feels at home." Chris Nashawaty, Entertainment Weekly: "No one forks over 10 bucks to see one of these flicks for its logic. We go for the bananas demolition-derby mayhem. 'Furious 7' delivers that with the direct visceral rush of an EpiPen. For two hours and change, we're treated to a high-octane orgy of some of the most exhilarating stunts ever put on film, including one showstopper where Walker balances on an overturned bus that's teetering on the edge of a cliff." Chris Ziegler, The Verge: "It's entirely possible, of course, that my fandom has simply blinded me to 'Furious 7's' greatness. The action sequences -- particularly Abu Dhabi, with the supercar leaping between buildings -- are legitimately phenomenal, and the scenes filmed after Walker's passing, in which his brothers stepped in for him, were never distracting or even noticeable without looking closely. Maybe I'm missing something." A.O. Scott, New York Times: "The final moments, when Mr. Walker's longtime colleagues say their farewells while he still appears to be on screen with them, are both awkward and moving. They remind you what these movies have always been about, underneath all the noise and the bravado: the ferocity of friendship and the terrible speed of loss." Betsy Sharkey, Los Angeles Times: "The action sequences -- from hand-to-hand combat to the crash and burn of cars -- are, as we've come to expect, not grounded in reality. The parkour-influenced high-rise stunts that everyone will be talking about are particularly affecting because a) they feature the multimillion-dollar eye-candy of a jewel-encrusted limited-edition Lykan Hypersport and b) they are amazing. All of the driving and skydiving fall into the never-try-this-at-home zone." Richard Lawson, Vanity Fair: "The latest film, which opens Friday, can't help but take on some deeper meaning, as the death of main cast member Paul Walker, killed in a car accident in late 2013, looms large throughout. But it doesn't overwhelm -- Furious 7 is respectful, even solemn, when it needs to be, but is still, thank God, plenty of crazy fun."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Furious 7" is the best "Fast and Furious" film by far, Rolling Stone says.
The film is worth racing to the theater, Entertainment Weekly says.
The film is a kick to watch Paul Walker take the wheel or hang off a bus.
The film is a kick to watch Paul Walker take the wheel or hang off a bus.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 443, Total accepted tokens: 443, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It's a case of mistaken identity that reached international proportions. A 14-year-old girl was returned to Mexico from Texas on Wednesday after DNA tests showed she's not related to a woman who claimed the teenager was her daughter. Mexican federal police seized Alondra Luna Nuñez on Friday in the colonial city of Guanajuato, in central Mexico, believing she was the daughter of a Mexican national living in Houston. Several videos show the moment the girl was taken out of her middle school. In the footage, Alondra appears terrified, screaming at the top of her lungs and desperately trying to free herself from officers who are dragging her out of the building. After a struggle that lasted several minutes, the 14-year-old was put inside a federal police truck that sped away as witnesses, including the teenager's aunt, watched and recorded. According to Mexican authorities, the woman in Houston claimed in a 2007 petition that her daughter had been illegally taken to Mexico by her biological father without her consent. According to a statement from the Mexican Foreign Ministry, the woman had recently traveled to Guanajuato and seen her daughter there. "Derived on this information ... and in compliance with international law ...  the judge in charge of the case asked Interpol to intervene to make the girl appear at a hearing in which the court would confirm her identity," the statement said. But what happened next puzzled both Alondra's family and Mexican public opinion: The teenager was sent to the United States before her identify was positively confirmed. Once in Houston, and with questions about her identity being raised by the girl's biological parents, the Mexican Consulate in that city ordered DNA testing. The results confirmed that Alondra is not the daughter of the Houston woman. "I will have my girl at home. We hope she's OK. We are taking action on the matter," Alondra's mother -- Susana Nuñez -- told Milenio Television. "They stole my child."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mexican girl was returned to Mexico from Texas on Wednesday.
Alondra Luna Nuñez was believed to be daughter of Mexican national in Houston.
Woman in Houston claimed girl was her daughter, illegally taken to Mexico.
Alondra was sent to the United States before her identity was confirmed.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 444, Total accepted tokens: 444, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)English actress Michelle Keegan has been named the sexiest woman in the world by British men's magazine FHM. The 27-year-old actress is best known for her roles on the BBC series "Ordinary Lies" and the long-running British soap opera "Coronation Street." Her "Coronation Street" character Tina McIntyre was the show's first character to act as a surrogate, according to IMDB. Keegan is followed by reality television star and model Kendall Jenner, Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence, Sports Illustrated swimsuit cover girl Kate Upton and British television host Caroline Flack, who dated One Direction's Harry Styles for a few months. Sandra Bullock doesn't appear anywhere on FHM's list, even though People magazine named her the "World's Most Beautiful Woman" a week ago. The "FHM 100 Sexiest Women in the World" issue goes on sale Thursday, April 30.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Actress Michelle Keegan is named sexiest woman in the world by FHM magazine.
Keegan is followed by reality television star and model Kendall Jenner.
Oscar-winning actress Jennifer Lawrence is also on the list.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 445, Total accepted tokens: 445, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Lois Lilienstein, co-star of "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show" — the Canadian preschool show that ran on Nickelodeon during the early 1990s — has died, aged 78. Her son, David Lilienstein, told CBC News that his mother died in Toronto on Wednesday night from a rare form of cancer first diagnosed last October. "She knew it was happening, she was at peace with it, and she died very peacefully and not in pain," he told the Canadian broadcaster. Liz Smith at 92 . Lilienstein was born in Chicago in 1936 and moved to Toronto in 1996 with her son and her husband, Ernest. She joined Sharon Hampson and Bram Morrison to launch their singing trio in 1978. The TV show "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show" ran on CBC in Canada from 1984 to 1989, before continuing in reruns on Nickelodeon stateside until 1995. The 30 most popular film producers in Hollywood . Sally Catto, general manager, programming at CBC Television, paid tribute to Lilienstein for her contribution to Canadian kids TV. "Sharon, Lois and Bram got their start at CBC back in the '80s with the Elephant Show, and they went on to become icons to children all across North America through various programs and specials. Lois will be fondly remembered by her many friends at CBC," Catto told The Hollywood Reporter. 'Ghostbusters' budget cut . The Canadian variety show was best known for songs like "Skinnamarink" and "Peanut Butter." Lilienstein left the Sharon, Lois & Bram performance trio in 2000. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Canadian actress Lois Lilienstein dies at age 78.
Her son says she died peacefully from rare cancer.
Lilienstein was best known for her work on "Sharon, Lois & Bram's Elephant Show"
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 446, Total accepted tokens: 446, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)Andrew Lesnie, the Oscar-winning cinematographer who spent more than a decade collaborating with director Peter Jackson on the six "Lord of the Rings"and "Hobbit" films, has died. He was 59. The Sydney native, who also worked with New Zealander Jackson on the remake of "King Kong" (2005) and "The Lovely Bones" (2009), suffered a heart attack Monday. Said a spokesman from the Australian Cinematographers Society: "We have been advised of the sudden death of Andrew," adding that his family would provide an official statement later. Known for balancing technology with artistic considerations, Lesnie also shot "Rise of the Planet of the Apes" (2011), directed by Rupert Wyatt. The cinematographer recently polished off The Water Diviner, the directorial debut of Russell Crowe, another New Zealand native. That movie opened Friday in U.S. theaters. Said Crowe on Twitter: "Devastating news from home. The master of the light, genius Andrew Lesnie has passed on." Lesnie won his Oscar for his work on the first of the fabled "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, "The Fellowship of the Ring" (2001). His knack for getting the right feel of author J.R.R. Tolkien's most foreboding locales was remarkable. For the inaugural "Lord of the Rings" film, Jackson reached out to Lesnie after seeing his work on "Babe" (1995) and its 1998 sequel. Those Australian films, revolving around a pig and other animals, featured impressive visual effects and proved to be big hits at the worldwide box office. "I'd never worked with him or even met him before, but he'd shot the Babe films and I thought they looked amazing, the way he'd used backlight and the sun and natural light to create a very magical effect," Jackson said in a 2004 interview. "And Babe had that larger-than-life feel about it that I wanted. "So when we began looking for DPs in early 1999, I first decided to get either an Australian or New Zealand DP, as they'd be used to the way we make films," Jackson continued. "Every country is slightly different in that way, and I immediately thought of Andrew. " Lesnie's impressive body of work also includes the post-apocalyptic science fiction film "I Am Legend" (2007), directed by Francis Lawrence and starring Will Smith; "The Last Airbender" (2010), from M. Night Shyamalan; and Healing (2014), helmed by Craig Monahan. He was inducted into the Australian Cinematographers Society Hall of Fame in 2002. Lesnie studied film and television at TAFE (a provider of vocational education) and at the Australian Film, Television and Radio School before joining the Australian Broadcasting Corp. as a camera assistant. He honed his craft on low-budget short films and music videos and assisted on documentaries, features and commercials. He then spent several months on "Wonder World," a children's afternoon magazine-style show. People we've lost in 2015 . ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Andrew Lesnie, Oscar-winning cinematographer, dies at age 59.
Lesnie worked on "Lord of the Rings" and "Hobbit" films.
He was known for balancing technology with artistic considerations.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 447, Total accepted tokens: 447, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel, welcome to parenthood. The celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son, Silas Randall Timberlake, in statements to People. "Silas was the middle name of Timberlake's maternal grandfather Bill Bomar, who died in 2012, while Randall is the musician's own middle name, as well as his father's first," People reports. The couple announced the pregnancy in January, with an Instagram post. It is the first baby for both.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel announce the arrival of their son.
The couple announced the pregnancy in January.
The son is named Silas Randall Timberlake.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 448, Total accepted tokens: 448, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Bahamian R&B singer Johnny Kemp, best known for the 1988 party anthem "Just Got Paid," died this week in Jamaica. The singer is believed to have drowned at a beach in Montego Bay on Thursday, the Jamaica Constabulatory Force said in a press release. The statement listed his age as 54, but other reports say he was 55. "Passersby saw Kemp's body floating faced down in the water" around 9:50 a.m., the statement said. "Police were summoned and the body removed to the morgue." Kemp was scheduled to perform on the Tom Joyner Foundation Fantastic Voyage Cruise, parent company Reach Media Inc. said in a statement. He had not boarded the ship. "Just Got Paid"  was a No. 1 hit on the U.S. Billboard R&B chart and earned Kemp a Grammy nomination. Boy band 'NSYNC covered the song in the 2000 album, "No Strings Attached." Former 'NSYNC member Chris Kirkpatrick was one of many entertainers who paid tribute to Kemp on social media. "Thank you for the great music," he said in a tweet. Samuel L. Jackson and MC Hammer were among others who shared condolences, calling him a "humble and kind spirit." People we've lost in 2015 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Bahamian R&B singer Johnny Kemp dies in Jamaica.
Singer was scheduled to perform on the Tom Joyner Foundation cruise.
Kemp was best known for the 1988 party anthem "Just Got Paid"
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 449, Total accepted tokens: 449, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)What do Walmart, Target, and now the Koch Brothers have in common with the American Civil Liberties Union, ColorOfChange.org, and the Center for American Progress? All of them are adopting or advocating for hiring practices that open up work opportunities for people with convictions and leverage untapped potential in the labor market. Koch Industries' recent announcement that it will "ban the box" -- i.e., remove from its job applications the check-box that asks about convictions -- is a big step forward in the movement to break down barriers to employment for job-seekers with records. "Ban the box" doesn't prohibit background checks, it only postpones them until later in the hiring process. It's one item on a menu of fair-chance hiring reforms intended to ensure that job applicants are evaluated on their skills and qualifications first, rather than judged solely on past mistakes. These policies help reduce recidivism by making employment accessible to job-seekers who need a second chance, and they help break down the stigma of an arrest or conviction record. Two generations of the war on drugs, zero tolerance, and aggressive policing have left 70 million adults  with arrest or conviction records that undermine their ability to be considered for jobs, even as the job market has grown steadily. Millions of people are being left behind, and it's taking a toll on our economy: The reduced economic output of people with records cost our economy $57-$65 billion in 2008 alone. These criminal justice policies disproportionately impact African-Americans, who are incarcerated at a rate six times that of whites. The Department of Justice's recent investigation of the Ferguson Police Department, for example, shows the extent to which racism is perpetuated through police departments and the court system. That systemic racial disparity is then repeated throughout the economy, and the community is put at a severe disadvantage in the job market long after individuals have served their time. That's one reason the African-American unemployment rate is persistently twice that of whites. In a job market where employers that didn't previously do background checks now make them a routine part of hiring, qualified job-seekers are being screened out of the applicant pools for more and more jobs. Nearly one in three adults in America has an arrest or conviction history that will show up on a routine background check. Companies like Koch, Walmart, Target, and Bed Bath & Beyond recognize that this is a huge source of untapped talent, and that's why they've already banned the box on their job applications. These policies are also gaining traction with politicians across the political spectrum. Vermont Gov. Peter Shumlin, Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal, and Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe recently signed executive orders removing the conviction question from initial applications for state employment. So far, 16 states and more than 100 cities and counties have adopted fair-chance hiring policies. Six of those states and the District of Columbia, plus 25 cities and counties, have applied their policies to government contractors or private employers as well. The Obama administration took an important step toward fairer and smarter federal hiring practices last year when it issued an executive order prohibiting contractors from discriminating against LGBT individuals. Banning the box and other common-sense hiring reforms would build on that progress and on the successful work of governors and the corporate sector. The administration should ensure that the federal government does not continue to erect unfair and unnecessary barriers to employment of people with records. Already, more than 200 organizations and prominent individuals have publicly urged the Obama administration to take these practical steps. If Koch Industries -- a major federal contractor -- can ban the box, there's no reason why other federal contractors cannot. Now it's time for President Obama to lead the way and embrace fair-chance hiring of people with records.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Koch Industries, Walmart, Target, and others have banned the box.
Ban the box postpones background checks until later in the hiring process.
Ban the box doesn't prohibit background checks, it only postpones them.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 450, Total accepted tokens: 450, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The quaint town of Dunblane, Scotland, has been set abuzz by the wedding of tennis legend Andy Murray to his long-term girlfriend, Kim Sears. Saturday's event -- dubbed "the royal wedding of Scotland" -- took place at Dunblane Cathedral, with cheering crowds spilling onto the streets to support their home-grown talent. The grand slam and Olympic champion donned a traditional blue and green tartan kilt, while his bride dazzled in a vintage-style gown by British designer Jenny Packham. The people of Dunblane braved wind, rain and even snow to catch a glimpse of the happy couple, having seen Murray grow from a young boy into a British sporting legend. "Absolutely fabulous to see them today, especially Andy coming back to his hometown," said one lady in the crowd. "He's a hero. He's done something that all local boys would really strive to do. He's a superstar," added another. The couple met at the U.S. Open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year. Before the ceremony, and understandably lost for words, Murray resorted to a series of emoticons to sum up his excitement for the day. Fellow tennis veteran Rafael Nadal and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon posted their congratulatory messages on Twitter. But any plans for a honeymoon have been put on hold as the world number three returns to tournament action next week.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Andy Murray and Kim Sears marry in Dunblane, Scotland.
The couple met at the U.S. Open in 2005 and got engaged in November last year.
The people of Dunblane braved wind, rain and even snow to catch a glimpse of the happy couple.
Thput (tok/s): 34.06 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 451, Total accepted tokens: 451, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Every day, images of war and conflict are splashed across our desktops, plastered on our TV screens and scattered through our mobile news feeds. Because of that, one's response to such imagery often becomes calloused or desensitized. This concept of "how we digest images of war through mainstream media outlets," was what drove photographer Simon Brann Thorpe to begin his project "Toy Soldiers." This idea to create a fresh perspective drove him into the desert of Western Sahara, a long-disputed region of northwestern Africa. Thorpe uses the area's harsh landscape as a powerful backdrop for soldiers posed as green plastic figurines -- similar to the popular toys that many children play with. The soldiers are with the Polisario Front, an independence movement that has been clashing with Morocco over the region since the mid-1970s. Thorpe said his project enables "the creation of a visual metaphor from which a viewer develops their own emotional, physical and political response to war and conflict, when faced with the realization that the images do not contain toy soldiers but real soldiers." Thorpe's background was not in photojournalism, but in landscape photography, which lends to his powerful placement of the soldiers in the desert -- not to mention that all the locations chosen are historic locations of battles between Morocco and the Polisario Front. "The conflict in Western Sahara receives virtually zero coverage despite 2015 being the 40th anniversary of the outbreak of war there," Thorpe said. After a ceasefire in 1991, the people of Western Sahara have been living in a state of non-resolution. The people are split into two camps -- those living in Moroccan-occupied territory, and those in refugee camps in Algeria. Social media . Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography. Thorpe had to get clearance to work with the Polisario Front military and also had to be cautious of how many troops he moved about at one time -- otherwise he would have needed permission from the United Nations. He usually worked with about 50 or 60 soldiers at a time. The autumn months did not offer much reprieve from the long hours in the sweltering desert sun. Thorpe would work with the troops' commander to position the men, then climb atop sandy mountains with his wide-angle lens and capture these striking images. They would work till dusk and then spend the night under the stars. Not only were the soldiers willing participants for this project, but they also helped construct the platforms they stood on. Thorpe said they were made out of old oil drums. After the elaborate five-week production, Thorpe hopes his images will raise questions on "how images of war (will) be consumed in the future with ever-diminishing attention spans and competition for them." Simon Brann Thorpe's "Toy Soldiers" book is available for pre-order through Dewi Lewis Publishing. You can follow Thorpe on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Simon Brann Thorpe's "Toy Soldiers" project is a photo series of soldiers in the desert.
The images are posed as green plastic figurines, similar to popular toys.
Thorpe hopes his images will raise questions on "how images of war will be consumed"
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 452, Total accepted tokens: 452, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Percy Sledge, the R&B belter whose biggest hit, "When a Man Loves a Woman," became a cornerstone of soul music, died Tuesday. He was 73. Sledge died in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, said Stephanie Price of the East Baton Rouge Parish Coroner's Office. Sledge died of natural causes, said East Baton Rouge Parish Coroner Dr. William Clark. He had been in hospice care for cancer, Clark added. In a career that started in the 1960s, Sledge had a number of hits, including "Take Time to Know Her," "Warm and Tender Love" and "It Tears Me Up" among them. But his first and biggest hit, "When a Man Loves a Woman," towered over them all. Over a mournful, slowly rising instrumental track provided by organist Spooner Oldham, drummer Roger Hawkins and guitarist Marlin Greene -- key musicians of what became the Muscle Shoals sound, heard on countless soul records -- Sledge crooned, pleaded and roared his way through the tune. It came directly from the heart: Originally called "Why Did You Leave Me Baby," he'd written it about a former girlfriend, drawing from a tune that he used to sing to himself as a child. "I hummed it all my life, even when I was picking and chopping cotton in the fields," the Alabama-born singer told the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. At the time, Sledge was working as a hospital orderly, picking up gigs at night with a group called the Esquires Combo. In a fit of generosity, he gave the songwriting credit for "Woman" to two of the Esquires, Calvin Lewis and Andrew Wright, who had helped him with a few chords. The song was recorded on February 17, 1966, in Sheffield, Alabama. Atlantic Records picked it up and wanted to redo the slightly out-of-tune horns, but the original version ended up being released. It hit No. 1 on May 28, 1966. "Southern soul had at last entered the mainstream of pop in the unlikely guise of the ultimate make-out song," music historian Peter Guralnick wrote. Producer Jerry Wexler called it "a holy love hymn." Sledge never saw a dime of songwriting royalties. He had some regrets about that, he told Blues and Soul magazine -- the song would have helped provide for his children -- but he accepted it. "Worst decision I ever made. But I am not at all bitter. I figure if God wanted me to do what I did, and say what I did to tell those guys they could have the song, then I'll leave it that away," he told the magazine. "When a Man Loves a Woman" became a standard, covered many times -- Michael Bolton took it to No. 1 in 1991 -- and featured on several movie soundtracks. It was even the title of a 1994 film starring Andy Garcia and Meg Ryan. Sledge's version also returned to the charts, hitting the UK top 10 in 1987. Even with his other hits, he said, it all came back to "When a Man Loves a Woman." "The granddaddy to all of my songs. The boss of all of my songs. I have great respect for that song," he told Blues and Soul. "Always will." Sledge was inducted into the Rock Hall in 2005. His death was followed two weeks later by that of another '60s soul legend, Ben E. King, who had an enduring hit in 1961 with "Stand By Me." People we've lost in 2015 . CNN's John Newsome contributed to this story.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Percy Sledge died in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, at age 73.
Sledge died of natural causes, according to East Baton Rouge Parish Coroner.
Sledge's biggest hit, "When a Man Loves a Woman," became a cornerstone of soul music.
Sledge had a number of hits, including "Take Time to Know Her"
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 453, Total accepted tokens: 453, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Think it's hard to redeem your miles for an airline award ticket? It depends on which airline rewards program you've chosen, which route you're flying and when you book your ticket, according to a new Consumer Reports study of 70 million passenger trips over the past two years. The magazine collected statistics comparing award-seat availability for the five biggest U.S. airlines on domestic routes. The top performer was Southwest Airlines, which offered the most award tickets, 11.9 million, and the highest percentage of award tickets -- 11.5% of 103.1 million total passenger seats. "The high number of award tickets is directly related to Southwest's unique combination of 'Every Seat is an Award Seat,' no blackout dates, points that don't expire, and a route map that reaches more than 90 different destinations in the U.S. and beyond, making us the largest domestic carrier in the U.S.," Southwest spokesperson Thais Conway Hanson told CNN. "Unlike other carriers, we also don't charge fees for close-in bookings or penalize you for canceling your trip if something else comes up." At the bottom of the list was JetBlue, which offered the lowest percentage of award seats and the fewest number of award tickets of the five biggest U.S. airlines: 892,000 one-way passenger tickets, or 4.5% of its total 19.7 million U.S. seats. (JetBlue only operates in 10 of the top 25 markets included in the study.) Many JetBlue customers fly the airline only once or twice per year, making it hard to accumulate miles, an airline spokesman told the magazine. By not allowing miles to expire anymore, the airline says customers will be able to eventually redeem them. Delta Air Lines came in second place with 5.6 million U.S. award seats; United Airlines ranked third with 5 million U.S. award tickets; and American Airlines was fourth with 3.5 million U.S. award seats. What are the world's safest airlines? Remember that award tickets aren't actually free. The cost of miles is built into everything you buy that's earning you miles, and the airlines profit from you not using your miles at all. So it behooves consumers to book award travel carefully. On average, nearly 10% of passengers on the five airlines analyzed by Consumer Reports flew on domestic award tickets, but some of them weren't getting the best value for their miles. While many U.S. fliers redeemed miles on American Airlines flights from Los Angeles to San Francisco, the cheapest average fare on that route was just over $100 -- not worth the 12,500 to 30,000 miles needed for an award ticket, Consumer Reports says. Better to use them on American Airlines' route between New York and San Francisco or Delta's route between Chicago and Los Angeles, which are generally more expensive than that Los Angeles-San Francisco route, according to Consumer Reports' calculations. While award-seat availability is important, it may not matter as much as passengers' overall satisfaction with an airline. Southwest had the highest customer satisfaction score (86), followed by JetBlue (85), Delta (70), American (66) and United (63). And don't forget the fees. Southwest doesn't charge any fees, while other airlines tack on fees for checking bags, booking by phone, changing plans and more.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Consumer Reports: Southwest Airlines offers the most award tickets.
Southwest's award seats are not blackout dates, don't expire.
Southwest's route map reaches more than 90 destinations in the U.S.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 454, Total accepted tokens: 454, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A lot of questions. Not too many answers. Exactly one week after being taken into police custody in Baltimore, Freddie Gray died Sunday under circumstances that are unclear. "The questions that many of you have are the same questions that we're asking: How was Mr. Gray injured? Were our proper protocols and procedures actually followed? What are the next steps to take from here?" said Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake. An attorney for Gray's family alleges that police are involved in a cover-up. "On last Sunday morning at about 8 a.m., the police chased Freddie Gray, a ... healthy man, without any evidence he had committed a crime. His take-down and arrest without probable cause occurred under a police video camera, which taped everything including the police dragging and throwing Freddy into a police vehicle while he screamed in pain," attorney William Murphy Jr. said in a statement. Video recorded at the scene shows Gray, with his hands behind his back, screaming as police raise him to his feet. They drag him to a waiting van. "He lapsed into a coma, died, was resuscitated, stayed in a coma and on Monday, underwent extensive surgery at Shock Trauma to save his life. He clung to life for seven days and died today at approximately 7 a.m.  We believe the police are keeping the circumstances of Freddie's death secret until they develop a version of events that will absolve them of all responsibility," said Murphy. The attorney added that Gray's spinal cord was severely injured. At this point, police are declining to say much about the case, citing ongoing administrative and criminal investigations. They have not released the incident report, nor have they released the names of the officers involved. They have said that those officers have been placed on administrative duties. When asked why officers first encountered Gray, Baltimore Police Dept. Capt. Eric Kowalczyk told CNN that they had been working in an area known for violent crime and drug sales. When the officers approached him, Gray fled, Kowalczyk said. Gray's death comes amid a string of recent deaths involving white officers and black suspects. The death of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, touched off protests and sparked a nationwide debate over race and policing. Brown, an unarmed black teen, was shot by Darren Wilson, a white officer, last August. According to CNN affiliate WJZ, protesters rallied over the weekend in Baltimore, demanding answers. "Our hope and goal here is to be as informative as we can without compromising the criminal investigation," said Kowalczyk. "We're very troubled by this. We want to find out the answers as much as the public does." CNN's Vivan Kuo and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Freddie Gray died in police custody in Baltimore, Maryland.
Gray's family alleges police are involved in a cover-up.
Gray's spinal cord was severely injured, attorney says.
Police have not released incident report, names of officers involved.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 455, Total accepted tokens: 455, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A New York jury deliberating the fate of the man charged with the 1979 killing of 6-year-old Etan Patz is struggling to reach a verdict. The little boy's disappearance, more than three decades ago, sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children. Deliberations resumed on Thursday, one day after New York Supreme Court Justice Maxwell Wiley ordered the jury to continue efforts to reach a decision on the guilt or innocence of a bodega worker named Pedro Hernandez. On the 10th day of deliberations, the jurors on Wednesday said in a note that they were unable to reach a unanimous decision. Hernandez confessed to police three years ago, but his lawyers said he made up his account of the crime. Etan Patz's parents have waited more than 35 years for justice, but some have questioned whether that is even possible in Hernandez's case. His lawyer has said that he is mentally challenged, severely mentally ill and unable to tell whether he committed the crime or not. Hernandez told police in a taped statement that he lured Patz into a basement as the boy was on his way to a bus stop in Lower Manhattan. He said he killed the boy and threw his body away in a plastic bag. Neither the child nor his remains have ever been recovered. But Hernandez has been repeatedly diagnosed with schizophrenia and has an "IQ in the borderline-to-mild mental retardation range," his attorney Harvey Fishbein has said. Police interrogated Hernandez for 7½ hours before he confessed. "I think anyone who sees these confessions will understand that when the police were finished, Mr. Hernandez believed he had killed Etan Patz. But that doesn't mean he actually did, and that's the whole point of this case," Fishbein has said. But in November, a New York judge ruled that Hernandez's confession and his waiving of his Miranda rights were legal, making the confession admissible in court. Hernandez is charged with two counts of second-degree murder for allegedly intending to cause the boy's death and for a killing that occurred during a kidnapping. Another man's name has also hung over the Patz case for years -- Jose Antonio Ramos, a convicted child molester acquainted with Etan's babysitter. Etan's parents, Stan and Julia Patz, sued Ramos in 2001. The boy was officially declared dead as part of that lawsuit. A judge found Ramos responsible for the boy's death and ordered him to pay the family $2 million -- money the Patz family has never received. Though Ramos was at the center of investigations for years, he has never been charged. He served a 20-year prison sentence in Pennsylvania for molesting another boy and was set to be released in 2012. He was immediately rearrested upon leaving jail in 2012 on charges of failing to register as a sex offender, The Associated Press reported. Since their young son's disappearance, the Patzes have worked to keep the case alive and to create awareness of missing children in the United States. In the early 1980s, Etan's photo appeared on milk cartons across the country, and news media focused in on the search for him and other missing children. "It awakened America," said Ernie Allen, president and chief executive officer of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children. "It was the beginning of a missing children's movement." The actual number of children who were kidnapped and killed did not change -- it's always been a relatively small number -- but awareness of the cases skyrocketed, experts said. But the news industry was expanding to cable television, and sweet images of children appeared along with distraught parents begging for their safe return. The fear rising across the nation sparked awareness and prompted change from politicians and police. In 1984, Congress passed the Missing Children's Assistance Act, which led to the creation of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children. President Ronald Reagan opened the center in a White House ceremony in 1984. It soon began operating a 24-hour toll-free hot line on which callers could report information about missing boys and girls. CNN's Lorenzo Ferrigno and Joe Sterling contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Etan Patz's parents have waited more than 35 years for justice.
Hernandez, a bodega worker, confessed to police three years ago.
Hernandez's lawyer says he is mentally challenged, severely mentally ill.
Hernandez is charged with two counts of second-degree murder.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 456, Total accepted tokens: 456, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Somewhere over the rainbow, people on the Internet are losing their minds. Is it real? After the New York area received a large amount of rain, four rainbows stretched across the early morning sky on Tuesday. Amanda Curtis, CEO of a fashion company in New York, snapped the lucky shot. At first, she thought it was just one. "But I looked a little bit closer and saw that there were actually four," she told CNN. "I had a small moment of awe." She posted the picture to Twitter, and within a few hours, it had already received hundreds of retweets. "It's been surreal I feel like we're breaking the Internet but in a really great way," she told CNN affiliate WPIX. According to CNN weather producer Rachel Aissen, this would be a double rainbow that has been reflected in the sky, due to a smooth body of water underneath the rainbow. This isn't the first time rainbows have shown up in multiples. But the splendor of such a scene can render us speechless, even emotional -- much like the star of the famous "double rainbow" video. CNN iReporter Yosemitebear Vasquez posted a video to YouTube in 2010 reacting to a double rainbow he spotted in Yosemite National Park. The video has since garnered over 40 million views. Of course, we asked the unofficial rainbow spokesman to weigh in on the phenomenon. "Whoa, that's a quadruple rainbow! All the way," he exclaims. "What does it mean?" We don't know exactly, but the Internet can't get enough.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Four rainbows stretch across the early morning sky in New York.
Amanda Curtis, CEO of a fashion company in New York, snapped the lucky shot.
CNN weather producer Rachel Aissen says this would be a double rainbow.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 457, Total accepted tokens: 457, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Japan's space agency announced this week that the country would put an unmanned rover on the surface of the moon by 2018, joining an elite club of nations who have explored Earth's satellite. The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA), divulged the plan to an expert panel, including members of the cabinet and the Education, Culture, Sports, Science and Technology Ministry on Monday. "This is an initial step and a lot of procedures are still ahead before the plan is formally approved," a JAXA spokesperson told reporters. If it is approved, the agency will reportedly use its Epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology to carry and deploy a SLIM probe -- the acronym stands for "Smart Lander for Investigating Moon" -- on the surface of the celestial body. Japanese media estimates that the mission will cost in the region of ¥10 billion to ¥15 billion ($83.4 million - $125 million). JAXA spokesperson Chihito Onda confirmed to CNN that this estimate is realistic. The mission is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies, which could be utilized in future, manned expeditions to the moon, or even Mars. The lander will use face recognition software found in digital cameras, which will be repurposed to enable the craft to recognize craters on the surface, Onda said. The move could be seen as Japan's attempt to play catchup to its Asian neighbors China and India, which have both notched significant extraterrestrial victories in recent years -- China's Yutu lunar rover outlasted expectations and India successfully put a probe into orbit around Mars the first time of asking. In 2008 Japan put its SELENE craft -- known in Japan as Kaguya, after a Japanese moon princess from a 10th century folk tale -- into orbit around the moon to gather data about its surface. The data gathered by the orbiter will also be used to calculate a suitable landing site for the rover. JAXA has also put a probe on an asteroid, which returned to Earth in 2010. Along with China, the United States and the former Soviet Union are the only other nations to have so far landed craft on the surface of the moon. CNN's Junko Ogura contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Japan's space agency announces plan to put an unmanned rover on the moon.
The agency will reportedly use its Epsilon solid-fuel rocket technology.
The mission is expected to be used to perfect soft-landing technologies.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 458, Total accepted tokens: 458, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The Baltimore mother who slapped her son several times and pulled him out of a protest told CNN on Wednesday she wasn't concerned that she might be embarrassing her son. "Not at all," Toya Graham told CNN's "Anderson Cooper 360˚" in an interview that aired Wednesday night. "He was embarrassing himself by wearing that mask and that hoodie and doing what he was doing." The video of Graham yanking her son, Michael Singleton, and slapping him with a right hand as CNN affiliate WMAR recorded has led to the Internet calling Graham #motheroftheyear. Many people have praised the unemployed, single mother of six for going to the Mondawmin Mall and getting her son away from the escalating violence. Graham told Cooper that she saw her son with a brick in his hand, and she lost control of her emotions and told him to drop it. Wednesday night: Across United States, protests in support of Baltimore demonstrators . "I did (get emotional). You know, once he threw that rock down I said, 'You weren't brought up like this,' " Graham said. He's not a perfect child, but he's also not a thug, she said. The 16-year-old boy said he understood that his mother was there looking out for him. "She didn't want me to get in trouble (with the) law. She didn't want me to be like another Freddie Gray," he said, referring to the 25-year-old man who died of a severe spinal injury after being arrested by Baltimore police. Gray's death has sparked daily protests over police brutality. There have also been riots and looting that prompted the city to put a curfew into effect. Graham said her son told her the night before the violence at the mall that something was up. She told him then and the next morning not to go. He swore to her he wouldn't. Her motherly sense kicked in when she heard school had closed early and the mall was shutting down, too. She went to the mall and focused on the teens who were tossing rocks and bricks. There he was, in sweatpants she recognized. They made eye contact. He had a brick in his hand, and that set her off. Wednesday night: Marchers back in the streets of Baltimore . "I was so angry with him that he had made a decision to do some harm to the police officers," she said. She yelled at him to put the brick down. Singleton said he had seen her, but it didn't make sense that his mother would be there. But when he heard her voice, he realized it really was his mom -- and he was in big trouble. Then the camera captured her memorable smackdown. "It was just World War III from right there," he said, showing some humor about the incident. Graham noticed the TV crew but didn't think anything of it. And she didn't care. "I wasn't there to be recorded. I was there to get my child," she said. Tameka Brown, one of Graham's five daughters, told CNN on Tuesday it wasn't that hard for her mom to spot her 16-year-old half-brother. "She knows her son and picked him out. Even with the mask on, she knew," Brown said. Brown said her mother is always looking out for her children. "She has always been tough and knows where we are at," Brown said. Graham said she tries to steer her son away from potential trouble and troublemakers. "As long as I have breath in my body I will always try to do right by Michael and show him what's going on out in society doesn't have to be you," she told CNN. Her son said that once they got home from the mall he understood why she pulled him out of the crowd. "I was embarrassed a little bit, until she just started talking to me when we got home," he said. "(She was) just telling me she did it because she cared about me. And it wasn't to embarrass me, but because she cared." CNN's Elise Miller and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report. Watch Anderson Cooper 360° weeknights 8pm ET. For the latest from AC360° click here.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Toya Graham says she saw her son with a brick in his hand.
She lost control of her emotions and told him to drop it.
Graham says her son told her the night before the violence at the mall that something was up.
Graham says her son said he wouldn't go to the mall.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 459, Total accepted tokens: 459, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party were killed and another was wounded in clashes with Turkish armed forces in eastern Turkey, the country's military said Saturday. Four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting that took place in the eastern city of Agri, the armed forces said in a written statement. The Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance, targeting Turkish soldiers who were securing an area in Agri ahead of a spring festival, CNN Turk reported. Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu condemned the violence and said via Twitter that "the appropriate answer to the heinous attack in Agri is being given by the Turkish armed forces." Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan also harshly condemned the attack, describing it as the Kurdish separatists' attempt to "intervene in the resolution process (with the Kurds) in our country." Last month, Abdullah Ocalan, longtime leader of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), called from his jail cell for the violence to end. In a historic letter, he urged fighters under his command to lay down their arms, stop their war against the Turkish state and join a "congress" to focus on the future. Since the first incidents more than three decades ago, an estimated 40,000 lives have been lost. The conflict has been, some say, a battle by activists among Turkey's Kurdish minority for independence. It has been, others say, a guerrilla war by rebels who have punctuated their campaign with terrorist acts. About a fifth of Turkey's population is Kurdish -- a minority long living under cultural oppression, most of them in the underdeveloped southeastern part of Turkey. From Turkish prison, Kurdish leader tells followers to lay down their arms .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Five militants from the Kurdistan Workers' Party killed in clashes with Turkish forces.
Four Turkish soldiers also were wounded in the fighting in eastern city of Agri.
Kurdish separatists opened fire from a long distance, targeting Turkish soldiers.
Kurdish leader Abdullah Ocalan called for violence to end last month.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 460, Total accepted tokens: 460, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A former U.S. Navy aircraft carrier that survived a Japanese torpedo strike and was a massive guinea pig for two atomic bomb blasts looks remarkably intact at the bottom of the Pacific, according to federal researchers who surveyed the wreck last month with an underwater drone. The USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing near California's Farallon Islands. Although its location was confirmed by a survey in 2009, researchers from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration went looking for it again in March as part of a project to map about 300 wrecks that lie in and around the Gulf of the Farallones National Marine Sanctuary. "After 64 years on the seafloor, Independence sits on the bottom as if ready to launch its planes," mission leader James Delgado, the maritime heritage director for NOAA's Office of National Marine Sanctuaries, said in a statement. Indeed, sonar images show what looks to be an airplane on one of the elevators that took planes from the Independence's hangar deck to its flight deck. The ship sits upright with a slight list to starboard, according to NOAA. NOAA's survey of the 623-foot-long, 11,000-ton carrier was conducted by the Echo Ranger, an 18.5-foot-long autonomous underwater vehicle provided by the Boeing Co. The Echo Ranger traveled 30 miles from its base in Half Moon Bay, California, and hovered 150 above the carrier, which lies 2,600 feet below the surface of the Pacific Ocean. The drone used a three-dimensional sonar system provided by Coda Octopus to get images that showed how well the warship has weathered 64 years in the deep. "This ship fought a long, hard war in the Pacific and after the war was subjected to two atomic blasts that ripped through the ship. It is a reminder of the industrial might and skill of the 'greatest generation' that sent not only this ship, but their loved ones to war," Delgado said in the statement. In its 20 years in the Navy, the ship played a role in some of the most important events of World War II, earning eight battle stars in the process, and the dawn of the nuclear age. Independence was seriously damaged by Japanese torpedo planes during the Battle of Tarawa in late 1943. The ship returned to California for repairs and made it back across the Pacific by July 1944 to participate in the Battle of the Sibuyan Sea and the sinking of one of the Japanese Imperial Navy's biggest warships, the battleship Musashi. Later, in the Battle of Cape Engano, planes from the Independence were involved in the sinking of four Japanese aircraft carriers. After the war, Independence became part of a fleet used to measure the effects of atomic bomb tests at Bikini Atoll in the Pacific on July 1, 1946. It sat just 560 yards from ground zero in the first test, a 23-kiloton air blast of a fission bomb similar to the one used over Nagasaki, Japan, a year earlier, according to the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization. Twenty-four days later, Independence was 1,390 yards from the center of a second atomic blast -- also a 23-kiloton device but an underwater detonation. The ship was later brought back to California for nuclear decontamination before being sunk during the weapons training in 1951. NOAA said no signs of radioactive contamination were noted during the survey of the sunken carrier last month. The agency has no plans for further missions to the ship, according to the NOAA statement.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: USS Independence was scuttled in January 1951 during weapons testing.
Ship sits upright with a slight list to starboard, according to NOAA.
Ship played a role in some of the most important events of World War II.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 461, Total accepted tokens: 461, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Prosperity gospel pastor Creflo Dollar responded recently to critics of his campaign to buy a very pricey Gulfstream G650. Dollar noted in a recent address to his congregants that the devil was attempting to discredit him in regards to his campaign seeking $300 from 200,000 people globally to help buy the luxury jet. In a newly posted five-minute clip on YouTube, the Atlanta-area pastor speaks to his followers at World Changers Church International, tackling his critics and allegations about tithes, his real name and reports alleging members of having to reveal their W2 statuses to come into the church's sanctuary. "(The devil thinks) I got to discredit that man before he starts showing people Jesus!" Dollar preaches to loud applause. "I'm on my sabbatical, and the enemy's trying to discredit me," Dollar stated. Dollar is focused in the video on getting his point across and slams critics of his original request by stating to the people gathered, "I never one time came to you and asked you for a dime for this airplane, did I?" But in March, Dollar did appeal in a video to "friends from around the world,"  soliciting donations to replace his current 1984 Gulfstream G-1159A. Because of two accidents that occurred in the 31-year-old plane, Dollar and his staff have been flying commercial. "The (critics) don't know what we do. That's why they asked the question, what does a preacher need with an airplane? If you knew what we did, then you wouldn't ask that question," Dollar said. "Just because the world doesn't have it, doesn't mean that you can't." In March, the ministry's desire to purchase a Gulfstream G650 airplane was met with criticism on social media and was the subject of nationwide media reports. The furor came after a nearly six-minute video was uploaded on the Creflo Dollar Ministries website soliciting money for a Gulfstream G650, which sells for a reported $65 million. The page featuring the video and information on the fundraiser has been taken down, but those wishing to donate are still able to do so on the church's gift page. A Gulfstream G650 can fly 18 passengers and four crew members, according to gulfstream.com. The jet comes with two Rolls-Royce engines, high-speed Internet and two multichannel satellites and allows for a four-and-a-half-hour commute from New York to Los Angeles. "The G650 is the biggest, fastest, most luxurious, longest range and most technologically advanced jet -- by far," according to the site. The project wasn't limited to member donations, as the site stated that "we are asking members, partners and supporters of this ministry to assist us in acquiring a Gulfstream G650." In the new video, Dollar claims the church has more than 3 million supporters worldwide who want him to come to where they are. The pastor has said the two incidents involving his old plane -- including one in which a mechanical failure caused the jet to skid off a runway in London while his wife and their three daughters were aboard -- have shown him it was time to turn to God for a new airplane. Prosperity gospel is a theology that promises wealth and health to those who tithe 10% of their income to the church. Attempts to contact Dollar's ministry for comment on Thursday were unsuccessful. CNN's Steve Almasy contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Pastor Creflo Dollar says he's on his sabbatical and the devil is trying to discredit him.
He says he's been criticized for asking for donations to replace his old plane.
He says he's been criticized for asking for donations to replace his old plane.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 462, Total accepted tokens: 462, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A bus collided with a fuel tanker in southern Morocco on Friday, a fiery crash that killed at least 35 people -- most of them children -- state and local media reported. The accident caused a fire that hollowed out the bus, leaving little more than its frame. Debris scattered across the road, while smoke rose into the sky, videos posted to social media show. The dead included athletes traveling for a sporting competition, an eyewitness told 2M TV, a Moroccan state-owned network. After the crash, photos appeared on social media of young, smiling boys in soccer uniforms along with condolence messages such as "May God have mercy on them" and "Oh no, they are so young." The crash happened near the city of Tan-Tan just before 7 a.m., the Maghreb Arabe Presse state news agency reported. It said a number of people were also injured. Tan-Tan is near the country's Atlantic coast, more than 450 kilometers (about 280 miles) southwest of Marrakesh.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Bus crashes into fuel tanker in southern Morocco, killing at least 35 people.
Most of the dead are children, state and local media report.
Accident caused fire that hollowed out bus, leaving little more than its frame.
Photos appear on social media of young, smiling boys in soccer uniforms.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 463, Total accepted tokens: 463, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)How would you get your nation's president to hear you out? Put your name and number on a mango and hit him in the head with it? No? Then you're not Marleni Olivo, who did exactly that, and in return is getting the new apartment she was asking for, said Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro. Olivo, 54, saw her opportunity when Maduro visited Anzoategui, the state where she lives. Maduro, a former bus driver, drove a bus to a rally Wednesday where he was meeting with supporters. The president had the window open, the better to greet people attending the rally. Olivo had written a message on a mango -- "If you can, call me," -- along with her name and phone number. She got as close as she could and, as the bus passed, she tossed the fruit at Maduro. In a video that has gone viral in Venezuela, Maduro is shown lowering his head when he is hit, just above the left ear. He then calmly picks up the mango and holds it up to the crowd. Later in the evening, the president mentioned the incident in one of his customary live TV broadcasts and displayed the infamous mango as proof. "Marleni Olivo," Maduro said. "We're going to invite her to my [TV and radio] show, 'In Touch with Maduro.' She had a housing problem, right? And, Marleni, I have approved it already, as part of the Great Housing Mission of Venezuela, you will get an apartment and it will be given to you in the next few hours. Tomorrow, no later than the day after tomorrow, we will give it to you." Maduro also joked that he had something in common with the mango. The word "maduro" in Spanish means ripe. Olivo told local media her intention was to toss the president a note, as others in the crowd were doing. "I didn't have paper available at that moment," she told El Pitazo TV. "What I had was a mango that I was about to eat because I was hungry." Maduro's critics are calling the incident a "manguicidio," a play on the words "mango" and "magnicidio," a Spanish word meaning assassination of a powerful leader. In Venezuela's extremely polarized political climate, Maduro frequently talks about his belief that the opposition is conspiring to target him for assassination. But the mango-thrower says she had no evil intent. "My dream is to own a home before I die," she told El Pitazo TV, adding that she had been very ill recently, that she suffers from diabetes and hypertension. And now her dream is about come true, a dream that would not have been possible without her boldness and a little help from a tasty mango.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Marleni Olivo writes a message on a mango and tosses it at president.
Olivo says she had no ill intent; she just wanted to help her friend.
Maduro says he will give Olivo an apartment.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 464, Total accepted tokens: 464, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A helicopter crash Saturday in Malaysia killed six people, including the nation's former ambassador to the United States and a high-ranking member of the prime minister's staff, the Malaysian state news agency Bernama reported. The helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih, at 4:55 p.m. Saturday (4:55 a.m. ET), Bernama said. Prime Minister Najib Razak ordered an investigation. Among the victims were Azlin Alias, who worked on the prime minister's staff, and Jamaluddin Jarjis, former Malaysian ambassador to the United States and chairman of PR1MA Malaysia, Bernama said. PR1MA is an organization that develops housing in urban centers. "We have lost two figures who had made great contributions to the government, party and country in this tragedy," Najib told reporters after visiting the crash site. Jamaluddin Jarjis was "a person of high caliber, who had sacrificed much for the government, party and country," he said. "He had many acquaintances here and abroad." The state news agency called Azlin the prime minister's private secretary general, but Najib referred to him as chief of staff. "Personally he had agreed to leave his career in the corporate sector to serve the government as his national service," Najib said. The helicopter's flight recorder has been found in good condition, Bernama reported Sunday, citing police. The news agency said Malaysian civil aviation authorities are expected to release a preliminary report on the crash within seven days. CNN's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Prime Minister Najib Razak orders an investigation.
Helicopter crashes near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih.
Six people killed, including the nation's former ambassador to the United States.
Azlin Alias worked on the prime minister's staff.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 465, Total accepted tokens: 465, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Jakarta (CNN)An Indonesian court has rejected a bid by two Australian drug smugglers -- members of the "Bali Nine" -- to challenge their planned executions. Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on Indonesia's "execution island" for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot. A panel of three judges in the state administrative court in Jakarta on Monday confirmed an earlier ruling that it lacked the jurisdiction to hear challenges against President Joko Widodo's refusal to grant clemency. Lawyers for the pair had argued that Widodo had failed to individually consider their cases. One of the condemned men's lawyers, Leonard Aritonang, said he was disappointed with the rulings but would respect the court's decision. He said his team would file a further review, asking the Constitutional Court to explain Widodo's obligations regarding granting clemency. "I'm hoping the government still respects... any ongoing proceedings," he said. Tony Spontana, a spokesman for the Indonesian attorney general's office, told CNN that the state administrative court's ruling was "a relief." "We had predicted it will be rejected because clemency is a prerogative right of the President, as head of the government, not an object of a suit at the administrative court," he said in a message. "With this decision, it's a step closer towards the scheduled execution." Australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with Indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths. Indonesia has long taken a hard line on drug smugglers, and since assuming office in October, Widodo has made it clear he intends to be tough on those found guilty of such crimes. In an interview with CNN's Christiane Amanpour in January, he said there would be "no compromise" on drug dealers. "Indonesia is in a drug emergency, so we need to have something that's firm," said Widodo. "They can ask for amnesty from the President. ... But I'm telling you there will be no amnesty for drug dealers." In December, six prisoners convicted of drug offenses were killed by firing squad, including five foreigners from Brazil, the Netherlands, Malawi, Nigeria and Vietnam. Chan and Sukumaran have been jailed since April 2005 for a failed bid to smuggle more than 8 kilograms of heroin from Bali to Australia. The Bali Nine were arrested after Indonesian police received a tip from Australian Federal Police. Chan, 31, was called the ringleader of the plot, while Sukumaran was described as Chan's collaborator. Seven other people who participated in the plan are serving lengthy prison sentences. Police caught four people at the Denpasar airport with more than 8 kilograms of heroin strapped to their bodies. Another four -- including Sukumaran -- were arrested at a hotel in the village of Kuta. Chan was detained after boarding a plane to Sydney; he wasn't carrying any drugs but was named by others as the mastermind of the plot. Opinion: Why executions won't win Indonesia's drug war . Sukumaran and Chan have become model prisoners during their time behind bars, according to fellow inmates and the jail's chief warden. Sukumaran is studying fine arts and has set up a class for fellow inmates. Chan has found spirituality, which he uses to counsel inmates with drug problems. Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has said that their rehabilitation is genuine. Australians have shown public support for the men, with politicians and members of the public turning out for a dawn vigil to demonstrate opposition to the planned executions. Australia lodges formal complaint over Bali Nine transfer . CNN's Euan McKirdy contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Court rejects bid by two Australian drug smugglers to challenge their executions.
Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad.
Chan and Sukumaran have been jailed since April 2005 for a failed bid to smuggle heroin.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 466, Total accepted tokens: 466, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Sofia Vergara's ex-fiance is speaking out about their dispute over frozen embryos created while they dated. In an op-ed published by The New York Times on Wednesday,  Nick Loeb explained his rationale for fighting to keep the two female embryos he shares with the actress. "I wanted to keep this private, but recently the story broke to the world," Loeb wrote. "It has gotten attention not only because of the people involved -- my ex is Sofia Vergara, who stars in the ABC series "Modern Family" -- but also because embryonic custody disputes raise important questions about life, religion and parenthood." Loeb says he met the actress in 2010 and they got engaged two years later, at which point they decided to create the embryos and conceive a child via a surrogate. After two attempts failed to bring fertilized embryos to term, they created two more embryos using her eggs and his sperm. "When we create embryos for the purpose of life, should we not define them as life, rather than as property?," he said. "... A woman is entitled to bring a pregnancy to term even if the man objects. Shouldn't a man who is willing to take on all parental responsibilities be similarly entitled to bring his embryos to term even if the woman objects?" Loeb said he filed a complaint against the 42-year-old actress to prevent her from destroying their two embryos conceived through in vitro fertilization. He filed it in August in Santa Monica, California, where they apparently lived while they dated. "We signed a form stating that any embryos created through the process could be brought to term only with both parties' consent. The form did not specify -- as California law requires -- what would happen if we separated," he said. " I am asking to have it voided." Representatives for Vergara have declined to comment in the past. Loeb has said he believes "life begins at fertilization" and wants to implant the embryos in a surrogate and bring them to term. He said he doesn't want any money from the egg donor. The case has led to questions about who has the right to embryos. Typically, a prior legal agreement between a couple spells out who has ultimate authority, said fertility specialist Dr. David Tourgeman, who's not involved in this case. "Usually when embryos are created, whether the couple is married or just consenting adults, there's usually a power of attorney that is described to these embryos, if they are frozen for future use," he said. In most cases, the mother or the origin of the egg is given power of attorney, although anyone can make a request, Tourgeman said. If there's a disagreement, the courts usually get involved to decide who legally owns the embryos, he said. Vergara is now reportedly engaged to actor Joe Manganiello.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nick Loeb says he filed a complaint against Sofia Vergara to prevent her from destroying embryos.
Loeb says he met the actress in 2010 and they got engaged two years later.
They created two more embryos using her eggs and his sperm.
Loeb says he doesn't want any money from the egg donor.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 467, Total accepted tokens: 467, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Paris (CNN)Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege in January are suing a French media outlet for what they call dangerous live broadcasting during the hostage-taking. According to Paris prosecutor's spokeswoman Agnes Thibault-Lecuivre, the lawsuit was filed March 27 and a preliminary investigation was opened by the prosecutor's office Wednesday. The media outlet, CNN affiliate BFMTV, is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages, who were hiding in a cold room during the attack, by broadcasting their location live during the siege. BFM in a statement Friday said one of its journalists "mentioned only once the presence of a woman hidden inside the Hyper Cacher, on the basis of police sources on the ground." "Immediately, the chief editor felt that this information should not be released. It therefore has subsequently never been repeated on air or posted on-screen. BFMTV regrets that the mention of this information could cause concern to the hostages, as well as their relatives, that their lives were in danger," the statement said. Gunman Amedy Coulibaly, also suspected in the slaying of a police officer, stormed the Hyper Cacher Jewish supermarket on January 9, killing four people and taking others hostage. He was killed in the police operation to end the siege. A 24-year-old supermarket employee, Malian-born Lassana Bathily, was hailed as a hero afterward when it emerged that he had risked his life to hide 15 customers from Coulibaly in the cold room. The hostage-taking was the culmination of three days of terror in Paris that began with the January 7 shooting of 12 people at the offices of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo. The two brothers blamed for that attack, Cherif and Said Kouachi, were killed on January 9 after a violent standoff at an industrial site. The terror attacks claimed the lives of 17 people and put France on a heightened state of alert. CNN's Ariana Williams reported from Paris, and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London. CNN's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Six survivors of the Paris kosher supermarket siege in January are suing a French media outlet.
The media outlet, CNN affiliate BFMTV, is accused of endangering the lives of the hostages.
The hostages were hiding in a cold room during the attack.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 468, Total accepted tokens: 468, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Rome (CNN)The Italian navy has boarded and retaken control of a fishing boat that had been seized hours earlier by gunmen off the coast of Sicily, the Italian military said Friday. The boat, named Airone, was intercepted some 90 kilometers (56 miles) from the Libyan port of Misrata, according to a statement from the Italian Joint Forces. An Italian naval unit boarded the fishing boat and took custody of a Libyan soldier on the vessel, according to a statement by the Italian Navy. It said during the operation, rifle shots were accidentally fired, and one of the seven fisherman on board was slightly injured. The Airone, carrying three Sicilians and four Tunisians, had embarked from Mazara del Vallo in Sicily five days earlier to fish for shrimp. The Airone's captain said there were about 10 other ships in the area when it was seized, according to Vito Mazzarino, the boat's owner. "At a certain point a tug boat came up and flanked the fish boat and some Libyans came on board," Mazzarino said, quoting the captain, Alberto Figuccia. "They were armed. And at that point chaos erupted." Italy is a major gateway to Europe for migrants from North Africa. Thousands of people each year make the dangerous sea journey from North Africa to Europe's Mediterranean coast, to flee war and poverty. Italy registered more than 10,000 migrants in the first three months of 2015, according to the International Organization for migration. On Monday, gunmen on a speedboat fired shots in the air and sped away with a wooden boat that was being used to transport migrants, according to Frontex, the European Union's border management agency. That incident occurred 60 nautical miles from the Libyan coast. The 250 migrants on board had already been transferred on to a different boat, Frontex said on its website. "This is a sign that smugglers in Libya are running short of boats and are more willing to use weapons to recover those used to transport the migrants," said Fabrice Leggeri, Frontex's executive director, in a news release. Italian police: Muslim migrants threw Christians overboard .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Italian navy retakes control of fishing boat seized by gunmen.
Boat was intercepted 90 kilometers from the Libyan port of Misrata.
Boat's captain says there were about 10 other ships in the area when it was seized.
Italian police: Muslim migrants threw Christians overboard.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 469, Total accepted tokens: 469, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A gunman walked into a building on the campus of Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, on Monday and shot the school's print shop operator, killing him, authorities said. The school was placed on lockdown, and the gunman remains at large. All buildings have been cleared, Maj. Tom Effler of the Wayne County Sheriff's Office said. "This is not a random situation. It is an isolated situation," he said. The victim, Ron Lane, was a longtime employee. The suspected gunman, identified by law enforcement as 20-year-old Kenneth Morgan Stancil III, worked at one time for the victim and is a former student at the school. The Goldsboro Police Department described Stancil as "armed and dangerous." "This is indeed a sad day for Wayne Community College and this close family and community," school President Kay Albertson said. "Our hearts are heavy at the loss of an employee -- a valued employee -- and we will soon be reaching out to the family." She praised the "rapid response from the city, the county, the state and the federal first responders," who are "working diligently to apprehend the suspect." The shooting took place on the third floor of a campus building. Despite earlier reports, the victim was not killed inside the library, Albertson said. While authorities were clearing out rooms, they deployed tear gas into a restroom someone was in, Effler said. The person inside turned out not to be the suspect. Figures from fall 2013 show the two-year school with a student population of 3,837, according to the National Center for Education Statistics, with slightly more than half the students part-time. Crime statistics from the center's website show no killings, assaults, robberies or motor vehicle thefts between 2011 and 2013. There were three arrests for illegal weapons possession in 2012 and three in 2013.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Wayne Community College in Goldsboro, North Carolina, placed on lockdown.
Gunman, 20, is a former student at the school.
Ron Lane, a longtime employee, was killed in the shooting.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 470, Total accepted tokens: 470, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tripoli, Libya (CNN)Smugglers lure Arab and African migrants by offering discounts to get onto overcrowded ships if people bring more potential passengers, a CNN investigation has revealed. A smuggler in the Libyan capital of Tripoli laid bare the system for loading boats with poor and desperate refugees, during a conversation that a CNN producer secretly filmed. The conversation, recorded using a mobile phone, exposes the prices and incentives used to gather as many migrants as possible onto ships. An estimated 1,600 migrants have died so far this year on the dangerous Mediterranean crossing, but still more wait to try to reach Europe. CNN's producer was introduced to a Senegalese and Malian smuggler by an intermediary in Tripoli, who mistakenly thought she was a Syrian looking to bring other Syrian refugees with her onto boats to Italy. Why I fled: Migrants share their stories . The smuggler took her to an unfinished building on the outskirts of Tripoli near the city's many ports, where the migrants they have already found are kept until the crossing is ready. The building could only be reached by walking down a trash-littered alleyway, and featured a series of packed rooms, separated by curtains, where dozens sat -- well over the 80 migrants she was promised would be in her boat. The smuggler explained that the "final price" for Syrians -- often thought to be richer than their African migrant counterparts -- was $1,000. He added that for each Syrian she brought with her, the producer would get a $100 discount. So if she brought 10, she could travel free. He explained how the "discount" was "well known," suggesting perhaps it was part of the unwritten rules that govern the trade and why so many migrants come to each boat. Any fears about the crossing were supposed to be allayed by the smuggler insisting the boats they used had new motors, and that the Senegalese pilot would have a satellite telephone and GPS to assist the crossing. He also assured CNN's producer, when asked, that if the people became too many, they would use two boats. Pregnant women among migrants trying to cross .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN producer secretly filmed smuggler in Tripoli, Libya.
Smuggler promised producer 100 dollars for each Syrian brought.
Producer was promised 1,600 migrants would fit on boat.
Smuggler said he would use two boats if people became too many.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 471, Total accepted tokens: 471, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)So, you'd like a "Full House" reunion and spinoff? You got it, dude! Co-star John Stamos announced Monday night on "Jimmy Kimmel Live" that Netflix has ordered up a reunion special, followed by a spinoff series called "Fuller House." The show will feature Candace Cameron Bure, who played eldest daughter D.J. Tanner in the original series -- which aired from 1987 to 1995 -- as the recently widowed mother of three boys. "It's sort of a role reversal, and we turn the house over to her," Stamos told Kimmel. Jodie Sweetin, who played Stephanie Tanner in the original series, and Andrea Barber, who portrayed D.J.'s best friend Kimmy Gibbler, will both return for the new series, Netflix said. Stamos will produce and guest star. Talks with co-starsBob Saget, Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, Dave Coulier and Lori Loughlin are ongoing, Netflix said. The show will be available next year, Netflix said. "As big fans of the original Full House, we are thrilled to be able to introduce Fuller House's new narrative to existing fans worldwide, who grew up on the original, as well as a new generation of global viewers that have grown up with the Tanners in syndication,"  Netflix Vice President of Original Content Cindy Holland said in a statement. The show starts with Tanner -- now named Tanner-Fuller (get it ... Fuller?) -- pregnant, recently widowed and living in San Francisco. Her younger sister Stephanie -- now an aspiring musician -- and her lifelong best friend and fellow single mom, Kimmy, move in to help her care for her two boys and the new baby. On Monday, Barber tweeted Cameron Bure to ask whether she was ready to resume their onscreen friendship. "We never stopped," Cameron Bure tweeted back. Fans were over the moon at the news.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Netflix orders up a reunion special, followed by a spinoff series called "Fuller House"
Show will feature Candace Cameron Bure, who played eldest daughter D.J. Tanner.
Bure will be the recently widowed mother of three boys.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 472, Total accepted tokens: 472, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Would you build a house with water? Hungarian architect Matyas Gutai believes that water is the perfect material for keeping a house at a comfortable temperature. And while that doesn't mean that he can do away with traditional materials like bricks, cement, and plaster, his system promotes a whole new idea of engineering. Gutai built a prototype house in his hometown of Kecskemet, south of Budapest, with his high school friend Milan Berenyi, after years of research and development. The house was built with a grant from the EU, and showcases the "liquid engineering" concepts Gutai has written about extensively. Panels, some of steel, and some of glass, make up the structure of the house and a sheet of water is trapped between the inner layers, which equalizes the temperature across the building. The house is actually able to reheat itself, when its hot excess heat is stored either in the foundations of the building or in external storage, to be brought back to the walls when the temperature drops. The indoor temperature can also be modified using a monitoring system similar to central heating. This is a very efficient and sustainable system: the house can produce its own energy and be more independent of energy suppliers, which could reduce carbon emissions. "Our panel can heat and cool the building itself -- the water inside the panel does the very same job as heating," says Gutai. "It saves energy, when you compare it to a similar building with large glass surfaces -- it's a very clean and sustainable solution." While studying sustainable architecture at the University of Tokyo, in 2003, Gutai got the idea for his water house from a visit to the open air hot baths. Despite the snowfall outside the pool, Gutai remained comfortably warm inside it -- it was then he realized the importance of water's surface temperature and its potential use in architecture. "As an architect I think it's really important that this building tries to redefine permanence, which has been a key concept in architecture for thousands of years. Our approach to permanence hasn't changed much at all, but now instead of making something very strong that tries to resist everything, we are making something that adapts to its environment. "Architecture is really changing in our time. We've reached our limits when it comes to solid architecture, now it's reasonable to look for a new system." "This research dates back seven or eight years," explains Gutai. "I started it at the University of Tokyo and it took us almost six years to get the building done. There are plenty of structural problems involved -- a lot of important questions were raised such as what happens if it's so cold outside that the water freezes or what happens when one panel breaks." "We now mix the water with natural solvents, that do not cause pollution but lower the freezing temperature to an acceptable level. This practically means, that even if the reheating technology fails, the water cannot freeze." "In case of cold climates, like in Hungary, we also add some external insulation to the structure, to protect it from freezing." And if a panel were to break? "We designed special joint units. The joint elements allow slow flow, but block faster flows," he explains. This means that if one panel breaks, it will be sealed from the remaining ones instantly. This effect is based on fluid dynamics, and not computers or monitoring system -- which minimizes the chance of failure. Gutai has worked in cooperation with universities and manufacturers to make sure the building is viable, and while the prototype house is only a small space (eight square meters in total) it demonstrates the power of this new technology. "Our goal should be to use less energy and materials, and take cities off-grid as much as possible. The water house is one way to do that," said Gutai, who currently works as a researcher at Feng Chia University in Taiwan. Constructing houses in this way is moderately more expensive than traditional designs, but this prototype aims to slash our energy needs and Gutai is working with factories and companies across Europe on projects using this technology. To make water the building material of a greener future.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Matyas Gutai is a Hungarian architect who has built a prototype house.
The house is made of panels of steel and glass, with a sheet of water trapped between them.
The water equalizes the temperature across the building, and can be used to heat and cool it.
Gutai says the house can produce its own energy and be more independent of energy suppliers.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 473, Total accepted tokens: 473, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Aden, Yemen (CNN)The streets were empty but not quiet. Shelling began to boom through the Yemeni city of Aden on Thursday afternoon as we hurried back to board the boat that had brought us here from Djibouti. Aden is a city gripped by fear, desperation and want. People line up for bread, they line up for cooking fuel, and the electricity only works a few hours a day. And from late afternoon onward, most people stay indoors. That is the time of the shelling, the daily aerial bombardment. How we got to Yemen: 30 dangerous hours in a boat . Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago Thursday. But Aden remains a city not fully in the hands either of Houthi rebels or forces loyal to the ousted government of President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi. Everyone we spoke to Thursday told us the same thing: Living in Aden these days is terrifying. We visited a hospital where doctors have given up trying to count the dead and the dying who are brought in. Officials said they believe the toll of the dead runs into the hundreds. Everywhere, we felt, saw, heard and smelled the desperation. We spoke to some of the loyalist military commanders. They said they felt they were pushing back the Houthi forces. The Houthis forced Hadi from power in January, though Hadi still claims to be Yemen's legitimate leader and is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to Yemen. Those allied with Hadi have accused the Iranian government of supporting the Houthis in their uprising in Yemen. 'A window into hell': Desperate Yemenis flee Saudi airstrikes by boat . Since Saudi Arabia began aerial raids March 26, it has launched more than 1,200 airstrikes. Saudi officials said they have killed more than 500 Houthi rebels. But the reality is that a good portion of the armaments the Saudis send in on guided parachutes fall instead into Houthi hands. There is, to be sure, a sense that three weeks into this operation, the Saudis are making some headway with the strikes. But given how far along they are into the operation, the expectation would have been -- especially given the aerial cover the Saudis are providing for loyalist forces on the ground -- that the Houthi forces would have been pushed further back. That hasn't happened. Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen? The government loyalists have gained territory; that is why we were able to dock. There is an area around one of the smaller ports that is reliably in government hands. But Aden's main port will be hugely strategic for any potential ground incursion. Those forces will need to be reinforced and supplied through somewhere -- and the port is at the top of the list. Given that control of the city is still divided, there is a feeling that not enough of what the Saudis set out to do has been accomplished. The loyalists were frank with us. We are outgunned, they said. We are fighting a force that is superior to us in terms of its arms, tanks and artillery. "We're fighting them with automatic machine guns," the loyalists told us. "Those reinforcements aren't getting in to us in time." CNN's Don Melvin in London contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Aden is a city gripped by fear, desperation and want.
Saudi Arabia began airstrikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen three weeks ago Thursday.
Saudi officials said they have killed more than 500 Houthi rebels.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 474, Total accepted tokens: 474, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)A 54-year-old man carrying a suspicious package scaled a White House fence Sunday night, but was quickly apprehended. Jerome R. Hunt, of Hayward, California, climbed the fence on the south side of the White House complex about 10:25 p.m., said Brian Leary with the United States Secret Service. According to a source with knowledge of the investigation, the man made it 10 to 15 feet in on the South Lawn but "was compliant" once he saw the dogs ready to engage with thim. Hunt is in custody and charges are pending, Leary said. The package was being examined and later deemed to be harmless, a Secret Service source told CNN. Last week, a U.S. official told CNN that temporary steel spikes may be added to the tips of the White House perimeter fence to help deter jumpers. If done, this will be a temporary measure to protect the grounds until a new permanent one is constructed. The official said that the proposal is not in place yet. The Secret Service has come under heavy criticism after two incidents compromised the security of the grounds. On March 4, two senior Secret Service agents who were reportedly intoxicated allegedly drove their car into a White House barrier. Last September, a man jumped the White House fence and made it to an unlocked door on the grounds. Asked about the White House fence jumper, House Oversight Committee chairman Jason Chaffetz told CNN, "Prevention and swift apprehension is the goal. I appreciate those who dealt with the situation, but I want to learn more." CNN's Michelle Kosinski, Jim Acosta and Chris Frates contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jerome R. Hunt, of Hayward, California, climbs White House fence.
Hunt is in custody and charges are pending.
The package was being examined and later deemed to be harmless.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 475, Total accepted tokens: 475, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)An Alaska Airlines flight was forced to make an emergency landing Monday after its pilot reported hearing unusual banging. Flight 448, which had been bound for Los Angeles, returned to Seattle. Upon landing, a ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold, according to a statement from the airline. The agent, who is an employee of Alaska contractor Menzies Aviation, told authorities he had fallen asleep, the statement said. He appeared to be in OK condition. The cargo hold is pressurized and temperature controlled. The plane was also only in the air for 14 minutes, Alaska Airlines said. CNN affiliate KOMO spoke to Marty Collins, a passenger on the plane. "We just took off for L.A. regular and then about, oh, about five minutes into the flight the captain came on and said we were going back and we'd land within five to seven minutes, and we did," Collins said. "When we landed was when all the trucks and the police and the fire trucks surrounded the plane." The agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution. He passed a drug test and was discharged, Alaska Airlines said. He'd been on a four-person team loading baggage onto the flight. All ramp employees have security badges, and undergo full criminal background checks before being hired, said Alaska Airlines. A total of 170 passengers and six crew members were on Flight 448. After returning to Seattle, the aircraft took off again, arriving in Los Angeles on Monday evening.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Alaska Airlines flight 448 makes emergency landing in Seattle.
Pilot reports unusual banging in cargo hold.
Ramp agent was discovered inside the front cargo hold.
Agent was an employee of Alaska contractor Menzies Aviation.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 476, Total accepted tokens: 476, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Wednesday's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public, the Orioles announced Tuesday. The closed-door contest follows the postponements of Monday's and Tuesday's games against the White Sox until a doubleheader scheduled for May 28 following unrest in Baltimore. A source within Major League Baseball told CNN the league is not aware of any prior closed-door games in major league history. The game at Oriole Park at Camden Yards is scheduled to begin at 2:05 p.m. ET. The game will be televised on the MASN regional cable network. "After conferring with local officials, it was determined that Wednesday afternoon's game should be played without fan admittance in order to minimize safety concerns," Major League Baseball said. The office of new Commissioner Rob Manfred said the league and Orioles will keep an eye on the situation in Baltimore. "Our thoughts are with all those who have been affected by violence in Baltimore, and everyone in our game hopes for peace and the safety of a great American city," Manfred said. Hall of Famer Frank Thomas tweeted that the series should be moved to a later date. The former White Sox star said, "Playing in front of a empty house makes no sense!!" The game changes come as the situation in the city remains tense following Monday's riots, with more protests and arrests Tuesday. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said the closed game will mean "another sad day in our city." "We're a sports town. We love our O's," Rawlings-Blake told CNN's Wolf Blitzer. The Orioles said tickets from Monday's postponed game can be used for admittance on May 28. Fans with tickets for Tuesday's game must exchange them for tickets for any remaining home game, including May 28. The team also announced it would move three games (May 1-3) against the Tampa Bay Rays to Florida. The Orioles will still be the home team, the team said. Fans with tickets for those games and Wednesday's contest can swap their tickets for future games, based on the dollar amount of the ticket. Exchanges must be completed by June 30, the team said. The Orioles have averaged more than 33,000 fans in their first nine games at Camden Yards this season, about 73% of capacity. According to MLB.com, games have been postponed in the past because of security concerns. In 1992, four Los Angeles Dodgers games were pushed back because of riots after the acquittals of police officers in the Rodney King case. In 1967, riots in Detroit prompted baseball officials to move games between the Tigers and the Orioles to Baltimore. Opening Day of 1968 was postponed for two days after the killing of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. After the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, all professional baseball was called off for one week. ESPN anchor and baseball expert Keith Olbermann tweeted that a September 1882 game hosted by Worcester had six fans come, the lowest spectator turnout for a major league game. CNN's Jill Martin, Dave Close and Theodore Schleifer contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox to play Wednesday.
Orioles say game will be closed to the public.
Orioles will still be the home team, the team says.
The Orioles have averaged more than 33,000 fans in their first nine games.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 477, Total accepted tokens: 477, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Beer and ice cream. It doesn't exactly spring to mind when you think of classic food pairings -- old friends such as bacon and eggs or steak and cabernet. But Colorado's New Belgium Brewery and the folks at Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer inspired by ice cream -- salted caramel brownie ice cream, to be precise. "At this time I can confirm that Ben & Jerry's and New Belgium are collaborating to raise awareness around issues we are passionate about, and that the results will be delicious," New Belgium's Director of Sustainability, Jenn Vervier, said in a statement. Both companies have a history of social activism, and the new project will be no different, they say. Their release doesn't say what the campaign will be all about, but Ben & Jerry's Senior Global Marketing Manager Jay Curley promises it will be "impactful." "We're big fans of New Belgium Brewery, their values, and their fun culture, and of course their beer," he said. "We're excited for the campaign we've developed together." The companies will announce the details later this year, and the beer is set to hit shelves in the fall. New Belgium and Ben & Jerry's are both what are called "B Corporations," a certification issued by the private non-profit B Labs to companies that meet its social, environmental, accountability and transparency standards. New Belgium supports sustainable agriculture, climate change and other initiatives, while Ben & Jerry's -- now a subsidiary of global conglomerate Unilever -- stays true to its hippie roots with support for environmental initiatives, fair trade efforts, marriage equality and more. Last month, Ben & Jerry's cofounder Ben Cohen said he'd be open to the idea of a marijuana-infused ice cream someday, news that set pot fans ablaze. But sadly for beer fans, there's no talk of a beer-flavored ice cream. Not yet anyway.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Colorado's New Belgium Brewery and Ben & Jerry's are teaming up on a beer.
The beer is inspired by ice cream -- salted caramel brownie ice cream, to be precise.
Both companies have a history of social activism, and the new project will be no different.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 478, Total accepted tokens: 478, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Let's start with a pop quiz (space junkies can skip this test). True or False, Mercury is: . 1) The planet closest to the sun in our solar system . 2) So hot that water couldn't possibly exist there . 3) Something used in old-style glass thermometers . 4) A planet you don't think about very often . Answers: True, False, True (but not what we're talking about in this story) and I'm guessing No. 4 is true too. If you flunked the test, it might be because Mercury (the planet) suffers from bad (or very little) press. Or, maybe it's just bad lighting. Mercury orbits about 35,983,125 miles from the sun. Compare that to Earth -- we're about 93 million miles from the sun. Mercury's closeness to the sun makes it hard to see except at dawn and twilight. This may be one reason we don't think about it much. Venus, on the other hand, the planet between Earth and Mercury, appears to be the brightest planet in the sky. It's so bright it's been mistaken for an airplane. Pilot sends plane into dive after mistaking Venus for oncoming plane . But back to Mercury. It's getting some attention from the media now because it's about to get a visitor. The NASA spacecraft MESSENGER (an acronym for MErcury Surface, Space ENvironment, GEochemistry, and Ranging) is about to crash onto Mercury. The probe was launched in 2004 and traveled more than six and a half years before it started orbiting Mercury on March 18, 2011. Now, MESSENGER is running out of fuel and NASA says it will hit the planet's surface at 8,750 mph (3.91 kilometers per second) around April 30. You won't be able to see it hit because Messenger will crash on the side of Mercury facing away from Earth. There's no way to save the spacecraft, but mission operators at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) in Laurel, Maryland, have been doing what they can to delay the inevitable. They've been using the little bit of fuel left on board to maneuver the spacecraft to keep it in orbit. They'll do one final maneuver on Friday, April 24. "Following this last maneuver, we will finally declare the spacecraft out of propellant, as this maneuver will deplete nearly all of our remaining helium gas," mission systems engineer Daniel O'Shaughnessy said at a recent media briefing. "At that point, the spacecraft will no longer be capable of fighting the downward push of the sun's gravity." But rather than mourn the loss, scientists held a briefing to celebrate the mission's success. "For the first time in history we now have real knowledge about the planet Mercury that shows it to be a fascinating world as part of our diverse solar system," said John Grunsfeld, associate administrator for the Science Mission Directorate at NASA Headquarters in Washington. One of MESSENGER's big findings: It sent back data indicating that ice in Mercury's shadowed polar regions, if spread over an area the size of Washington, would be more than two miles thick, NASA said. It also took some amazing photos of the planet. So the MESSENGER mission is ending, but scientists say they'll be busy for years studying data from the probe. And if you want to see Mercury with your own eyes, you may be in luck if you can find an area with dark skies. It will be visible in the night sky just before dusk until about the end of May. Your favorite astronomy website will have some helpful guides. Here are a few we found: . • Earthsky.org . •  Astronomy . • Sky and Telescope . • Stardate .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NASA spacecraft MESSENGER is about to crash onto Mercury.
The probe was launched in 2004 and traveled more than six and a half years.
Scientists say they'll be busy for years studying data from the probe.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 479, Total accepted tokens: 479, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Shops looted and set ablaze.  Terrified foreigners hiding in police stations and stadiums. Machete-wielding attackers hacking immigrants to death in major cities in South Africa. As attacks against foreigners and their businesses rage on, killing at least six people this week, other nations in the continent are scrambling to evacuate their citizens from South Africa.  But this is not the first time xenophobic violence has exploded in a country that  tries to portray itself as a diverse "rainbow" nation. They started after Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini said at a recent gathering that foreigners "should pack their bags and go" because they are taking jobs from citizens, local media reported. Shortly after his comments, violence against immigrants erupted in the port city of Durban. His office has denied he made the comments, saying  journalists misquoted him. While kings are mostly ceremonial figures in the nation, they are influential in their communities. But the United Nations said the attacks started in March after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers. Some citizens have accused African immigrants of taking their already scarce jobs, undermining businesses owned by locals and contributing to a high crime rate.  The nation's unemployment rate is about 25%, according to government figures. But resentment over porous borders, growing crime rates, poverty and corruption are also a major concern, analysts say. President Jacob Zuma has said his government is addressing the social and economic concerns. But he said immigrants contribute to the nation's economy and bring skills that are in demand, and should not be stereotyped as criminals. "While some foreign nationals have been arrested for various crimes, it is misleading and wrong to label or regard all foreign nationals as being involved in crime in the country," Zuma said. The nation has about 2 million documented and undocumented immigrants, which is about 4% of the total population, according to a study by the University of the Witwatersrand. Zimbabweans make  up the largest  group of immigrants. Also, South Africa is a top travel destination for wealthy Africans because of its proximity and developed infrastructure. Yes. This is the latest in a series of attacks that date back years. In January, looters burned businesses owned by foreigners in another wave of xenophobic attacks. In addition, there were other incidents of violence last year, Human Rights Watch said. Seven years ago, Johannesburg was the epicenter of more anti-immigrant tensions that left dozens dead in attacks that later spread to Cape Town. Most of the victims were Zimbabweans who had fled repression and dire economic circumstances. In those attacks, police arrested more than 200 people on various charges, including rape, murder, robbery and theft. In 2006, xenophobic violence broke out again for several months in Cape Town. Victims of xenophobic attacks have been from various African nations, including Nigeria, Somalia and Ethiopia. African nations have condemned the attacks. Kenya, Malawi and Zimbabwe are just a few of the countries evacuating their citizens from South Africa. In Zambia, local radio station QFM said it will not play South African music in solidarity with the victims. And in Mozambique, South African energy and chemical giant Sasol sent about 340 South African nationals home. The company said Mozambican employees voiced concern about reported violence against their nationals and protested the presence of South African employees in Mozambique. Most of the attacks have erupted in poor and marginalized areas. Despite the progress the nation has made since its apartheid days, inequality still remains a major concern, according to the Nelson Mandela Foundation. "It is up to the present and next generations to take up the cudgels where you (Mandela) have left off. It is up to them, through service to deepen our democracy; entrench and defend our constitution; eradicate poverty; eliminate inequality; fight corruption, and serve always with compassion, respect, integrity and tolerance," the foundation said in a statement. "Xenophobia, racism and sexism must be fought with tenacity, wisdom and enlightenment." As fears of more attacks grow, South Africans have taken to social media and the streets to protest xenophobia and violence.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: South Africa is home to about 2 million immigrants.
Zimbabweans make up the largest group of immigrants.
President Jacob Zuma says immigrants contribute to nation's economy.
South Africa has been home to anti-immigrant violence for years.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 480, Total accepted tokens: 480, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Bobbi Kristina Brown, the daughter of Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston, has "global and irreversible brain damage," according to her grandmother. Though the 22-year-old is no longer in a medically induced coma, she remains unresponsive, Cissy Houston said in a statement Monday after visiting her granddaughter. "Meeting with the doctors and understanding that she can live in this condition for a lifetime truly saddens me," Houston said. "We can only trust in God for a miracle at this time." Houston's statement matched that from a source with knowledge of Brown's condition, who told CNN on Monday that she remained in the same neurological state she has been in for nearly three months. She does not respond to visitors or familiar voices, and her eyes do not follow a person around the room, the source told CNN. She also has a tracheostomy in her throat, the source said. The reports come two days after Brown's father, Bobby Brown, said his daughter's condition had improved. "I can say today, Bobbi is awake. She's watching me," Brown told the audience at Dallas' Verizon Theatre. The audience cheered. In a statement Monday, an attorney for the Brown family said that Bobbi Kristina Brown's condition has improved but that the kind of life she will lead remains to be seen. "Doctors have indicated that she will have a long life," attorney Christopher Brown said. "However, Bobbi Kristina is presently embarking on a rehabilitation process, and the quality of her life will not be known for years to come." Who's who in the Bobbi Kristina Brown case? Bobby Brown was in an "emotional state" on stage when he made the remarks about his daughter being awake, according to the statement. "She has made it out of ICU, opened her eyes and started a rehabilitation that will be long and hard," said Bobby Brown's wife, Alicia Etheredge-Brown.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Bobbi Kristina Brown, daughter of Bobby Brown and Whitney Houston, has "global and irreversible brain damage," her grandmother says.
Brown is no longer in a medically induced coma, but she remains unresponsive.
Brown's father, Bobby Brown, said his daughter's condition had improved.
Brown's attorney says she will have a long life, but quality of life remains to be seen.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 481, Total accepted tokens: 481, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A U.S. Army soldier was killed Wednesday in an attack in eastern Afghanistan by an Afghan National Army gunman, a U.S. military official told CNN, shortly after an American official met with a provincial governor. A U.S. defense official didn't provide details about the attack in the city of Jalalabad. But an Afghan police chief told CNN that an Afghan National Army soldier shot at U.S. soldiers at a provincial governor's compound in Jalalabad on Wednesday. The Afghan soldier opened fire on the U.S. troops as they were leaving a meeting at the compound, said Fazal Ahmad Shirzad, police chief of Nangarhar province. An Afghan soldier was killed and another was injured in a subsequent exchange of gunfire, Shirzad said. It wasn't immediately clear whether the assailant was among them. A senior U.S. official had just held a meeting with Nangarhar's governor at the compound when gunfire erupted, a U.S. Embassy representative said. The embassy representative didn't identify the official but said that all diplomatic personnel had been accounted for after the incident. The U.S. military official didn't know yet what motivated the shooting. Other troops were injured in the attack, the U.S. defense official said, speaking on condition of anonymity. Those troops belong to the NATO-led Resolute Support mission meant to train and support Afghan troops. The defense official did not provide the nationalities of the injured Resolute Support troops. Most of the troops involved with Resolute Support are with the U.S. military. CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen said that despite Wednesday's incident, instances of "green-on-blue" attacks are declining overall for several reasons. "First, there are far fewer US soldiers in Afghanistan," Bergen said. "Second more counterintelligence resources were devoted to countering the threat and third, an attempt was made to better vet afghan army recruits." CNN's Masoud Popalzai and Jim Sciutto contributed to this report from Kabul, Afghanistan.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: U.S. soldier killed in attack in eastern Afghanistan by Afghan National Army gunman.
U.S. official met with provincial governor before gunfire erupted.
U.S. official didn't know yet what motivated the shooting.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 482, Total accepted tokens: 482, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Johannesburg (CNN)He checked the series of stills on his camera. It was then that photographer James Oatway realized the entire attack had taken less than two minutes. It was the morning after a night of unrest in Johannesburg's Alexandra Township that saw foreign-owned shops looted and destroyed. Mozambican Emmanuel Sithole was walking down a street when four South Africans surrounded him. Sithole pleaded for mercy, but it was already too late. The attackers bludgeoned him with a wrench, stabbed him with knives, all in broad daylight. And Oatway had captured it all on his camera. "They looked like hardened thugs, just by their intensity, the way they moved, the expressions on their faces," Oatway told CNN. "They wanted one thing and that was to kill Emmanuel. They wanted his blood and nothing was going to stop them from doing that." Oatway says he tried to get as close as possible, conscious that the attackers were aware of his presence. "When the attack started I was 20 meters (65 feet) away, but at one point I was 4 or 5 meters away," he said. "I did think that maybe they would leave him alone." The attackers finally did move on and leave Sithole alone. Oatway and his fellow journalist Beauregard Tromp quickly put the injured man in the back of the car and rushed him to a hospital, where he later died. "I still remember him looking straight into my eyes," said Oatway. "He had a kind of a dazed, shocked look in his face." Oatway's series of images of the ordeal landed on the front page of South Africa's Sunday Times under the headline, "Kill thy neighbor: Alex attack brings home SA's shame." It's a shame that South Africa continues to confront. Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants, many from South Africa's neighbors. Xenophobic attacks: How did we get here? Local media alleged that the attacks were a consequence of Zulu King Goodwill Zwelithini reportedly saying at a recent gathering that foreigners "should pack their bags and go" because they are taking jobs from citizens. Shortly after his reported comments, violence against immigrants erupted in the port city of Durban. But on Monday, Zwelithini said he had not called for a war on immigrants. "This war I am calling for today is to protect everyone of foreign origin in this country irrespective of which country they are from." The United Nations said the attacks actually began in March after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers. OPINION: Labeling South Africa violence as xenophobia misses the point . But it was Oatway's photos of the violent attack on Sithole that have seemingly encapsulated the true horror of the situation -- and South Africa's leaders have begun to take notice. "Terrible picture. People who live in rough townships have never seen such a scene," said President Jacob Zuma about the photos in a televised news conference. "And I was sitting and I was saying to myself, what are we telling the world about ourselves?" Police announced they've now arrested all four suspects -- the last caught overnight Tuesday -- with help from Oatway's photos, which is little solace for the photographer who captured a level of depravity rarely seen. "I'm sickened by it," said Oatway. "And I'm extremely angry, angry with the men that did this, and ultimately I'm upset that our efforts weren't successful in saving Emmanuel's life."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Johannesburg photographer James Oatway captures images of attack on Emmanuel Sithole.
Sithole was attacked in Alexandra Township on the morning after night of unrest.
Seven people have been killed in the latest round of xenophobic violence against poorer immigrants.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 483, Total accepted tokens: 483, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A  man charged with planning the deadly 2008 Mumbai terror attacks in India has been released on bail in Pakistan after years of detention, prompting sharp criticism from India. Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba, was released early Friday from a jail in the Pakistani city of Rawalpindi, according to Yahya Mujahid, spokesman for Jamaat-ud-Dawa, a group with which Lakhvi is affiliated. Lakhvi was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the November 2008 terror attacks that left more than 160 people dead in Mumbai, India's most populous city. Lakhvi still faces trial in the case. But an anti-terrorism court granted Lakhvi bail last year, a decision the Pakistani government said it would challenge. That challenge lasted until Thursday, when the Lahore High Court ordered his release, CNN affiliate and Pakistani outlet GEO News reported. Lakhvi posted bail totaling 2 million Pakistani rupees (more than $19,000), according to GEO News. India, Pakistan's neighbor and rival, condemned Lakhvi's bail release on Friday. The country contacted Pakistan's foreign secretary to underline "that this has reinforced the perception that Pakistan has a dual policy on dealing with terrorists, and those who have carried out attacks or are posing a threat to India are being dealt with differently," said Syed Akbaruddin, a spokesman for India's Ministry of External Affairs. The accusation that Pakistan might treat India differently highlights long-running tensions between the two nuclear-armed neighbors, which have fought three wars against each other since their partition at the end of British colonial rule. Pakistan's Foreign Office responded Friday by saying, "It would not be proper to cast aspersions on Pakistan's commitment to countering terrorism at a time when Pakistan has entered a critical stage of defeating the menace of terrorism." The Foreign Office also blamed what it said was India's delay in cooperating in the case, saying it "weakened the prosecution." In the Mumbai attacks, heavily armed men stormed landmark buildings around Mumbai, including luxury hotels, the city's historic Victoria Terminus train station and a Jewish cultural center. India executed the last surviving gunman from the attacks in 2012. Other suspects were all killed during the series of attacks, which went on for three days. More about the Mumbai attacks . CNN's Harmeet Singh contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Zaki-ur-Rehman Lakhvi, a top leader of the terrorist group Lashkar-e-Taiba, was released early Friday from a jail in the Pakistani city of Rawalpindi.
Lakhvi was charged in Pakistan in 2009, accused of masterminding the November 2008 terror attacks.
Lakhvi still faces trial in the case.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 484, Total accepted tokens: 484, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A California woman who was recording police activity said she was terrified when a deputy U.S. marshal walked toward her, grabbed her cell phone out of her hands and smashed it with his foot. The incident was recorded by another woman with a smartphone camera across the street. Beatriz Paez filed a complaint Wednesday with police in South Gate, just south of Los Angeles. However, the police don't have authority over marshals. Paez is also considering a lawsuit. Paez said she was out walking Sunday when she noticed what looked like an arrest several houses up the street. She stood on the sidewalk, recording with her phone. The woman said marshals asked her to stop recording but she told them she had a right to do so. The second woman who was recording had focused on the interaction between Paez and the marshals, who Paez said told her to stop recording. At one point on the video you can hear Paez say, "You're making me feel unsafe. I have a right to be here." Paez said she was a few homes away from the center of the police activity. In the video, an officer with a rifle walks in her direction. "I was terrified. I was getting really scared," she said. As he gets close, the marshal then runs a few steps toward her and wrestles the phone from her hands. Paez said he stomped on it then kicked it away. It is unclear what happened to the video she recorded. The U.S. Marshals Service said it is reviewing the incident. Janice Hahn, the U.S. representative for Paez's district, told CNN's "Erin Burnett OutFront" that she had written a letter to outgoing U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder. Hahn said she wants a federal investigation into the actions of the officer. She called the marshal's actions illegal because Paez wasn't hindering an investigation or arrest.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Beatriz Paez says she was recording police activity.
She says she was out walking when she noticed what looked like an arrest.
Paez says she was a few homes away from the center of the police activity.
The U.S. Marshals Service said it is reviewing the incident.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 485, Total accepted tokens: 485, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Novak Djokovic extended his current winning streak to 17 matches after beating Thomas Berdych 7-5, 4-6, 6-3 in the rain-interrupted final of the Monte Carlo Masters. But the Serbian world number one didn't have it all his away under uncharacteristically slate gray skies on the Mediterranean coast. Tight . Djokovic edged a tight first set before losing the second after the Czech sixth seed took advantage of the short rain delay and came back strongly. But Djokovic broke twice early in the third set to surge to a 4-0 lead. And although Berdych gamely fought back Djokovic served out for the title. "It was a tough match, a particular match," said Djokovic after winning his 52nd career title, and his second Monte Carlo Masters championship. "Tomas played a great match and deserves this trophy as much as I do," he added. "It was a good final, but bad luck today." Despite running Djokovic close it was Berdych's third loss in a final this year. "What can I say? Novak had another excellent week," he said. "I tried my best but it was not good enough today. I'm missing that one step in my clay game but I'm going to work to raise my game that little bit. I'll do what I can to make that happen and hope to come back next year and go a step further"." Strong start . 2015 has been a sensational year for Djokovic so far. After winning the Australian Open back in January, Djokovic has followed up with Masters' victories at Indian Wells and Miami. He then beat Rafa Nadal, arguably one of the greatest players on clay of all time, in the semi finals in Monte Carlo. Sunday's victory over Berdych means he becomes the first man to win the opening three Masters tournaments of the season.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Novak Djokovic extends his current winning streak to 17 matches after beating Thomas Berdych.
The Serbian world No. 1 wins the final of the Monte Carlo Masters 7-5, 4-6, 6-3.
Djokovic's second Monte Carlo Masters title puts him in pole position to win the opening three Masters tournaments of the season.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 486, Total accepted tokens: 486, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Suzanne Crough, the child actress who portrayed youngest daughter Tracy on the '70s musical sitcom "The Partridge Family," has died. She was 52. Crough passed away Monday at home in Laughlin, Nevada, the Clark County Coroner's Office said. Tracy played tambourine and percussion in the traveling "Partridge Family" band. The group consisted of a widowed mom, played by Shirley Jones, and her five children, played by David Cassidy, Susan Dey, Danny Bonaduce, Brian Forster and Crough. Band manager Reuben Kincaid, played by Dave Madden, rounded out the cast. The band had real hit songs with "Come On Get Happy" and "I Think I Love You," though not all the members really sang or played instruments. The show aired from 1970-74. People we've lost in 2015 . Redheaded Crough was raised in Los Angeles, the youngest of eight children, according to The Hollywood Reporter. Crough also starred in the TV series "Mulligan's Stew" and had spots on other series in the '70s. She appeared in a "Partridge Family" reunion on the "Today" show in 2010. "I'm an office manager for Office Max," she told host Matt Lauer. "I have two daughters, I'm married, I have a normal job." CNN's Henry Hanks contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Suzanne Crough, child actress, died Monday in Laughlin, Nevada.
She was 52.
She was youngest daughter of "Partridge Family" star Shirley Jones.
She appeared in "Partridge Family" reunion on "Today" show in 2010.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 487, Total accepted tokens: 487, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The cast of "The Breakfast Crew" escaped from Principal Richard Vernon 30 years ago, but a draft script of the 1985 teen classic has just been found in a filing cabinet in the school district where it was filmed, the Chicago Tribune reported. "One day a few weeks ago, one of the assistants was going through a filing cabinet and found a file that had a manuscript from 'The Breakfast Club' dated Sept. 21, 1983," Ken Wallace, superintendent of Maine Township High School District 207 in suburban Chicago, told the newspaper. "It's a first draft of the screenplay by John Hughes," Wallace said. The manuscript sports the approval signature of the district's then-superintendent and reveals that Molly Ringwald's character, Claire Standish, was originally to be named Cathy Douglas, according to the Tribune. The movie was filmed at the Maine North High School building, which was auctioned off by the district years ago and is now occupied by the Illinois State Police, according to the Tribune. The file was discovered at Maine South High School as district officials prepared to move to a newly acquired building next door. Wallace told the Tribune that he would like to find a way to display the script as a piece of film -- and district -- history. "The odds of having such an iconic movie filmed and associated with your district are astronomical," he told the newspaper. "The Breakfast Club" returns to theaters 30 years later .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "The Breakfast Club" was filmed at the Maine North High School building.
The file was found in a filing cabinet in the school district where it was filmed.
The screenplay was written by John Hughes.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 488, Total accepted tokens: 488, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)An Egyptian court sentenced the leader of the Muslim Brotherhood, Mohamed Badie, on Saturday to death by hanging, along with 13 members of his group. The sentences will be appealed. The criminal court sentenced 36 other defendants to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities. They faced charges that include "funding the Rabaa al-Adawiya sit-in" -- a mass protest in Cairo in August 2013 that was forcibly dispersed by security personnel -- and spreading "false information" to destabilize Egypt. They were arrested in a sweeping crackdown on supporters of former President Mohamed Morsy, the country's first democratically elected president, who was overthrown in 2013 in a military coup that bitterly split Egyptians. One of those sentenced to life in prison was Mohamad Soltan, a 27-year-old U.S.-Egyptian activist. He has been languishing in Cairo's notorious Tora Prison, where he has been on a hunger strike for more than 14 months. The U.S. State Department released a statement condemning Soltan's sentence and calling for his release on humanitarian grounds. The presiding judge for Badie, Soltan and the other defendants was Mohamed Nagy Shehata, who is known for his harsh verdicts. Shehata has sentenced more than 180 people to death and was the original judge in a high-profile case case involving Al Jazeera journalists. Badie had been sentenced to death before on a conviction related to a deadly attack on a police station. He has also been sentenced to life in prison for inciting violence during 2013's unrest. The Egyptian news outlet Al Ahram reported that Badie had been sentenced to death twice before, but an appeals court overturned one verdict, and Egypt's Grand Mufti disapproved of the other. During the summer of unrest, hundreds of people died when the police forcefully cleared camps set up by protesting Morsy supporters and when security forces opened fire on Morsy backers who attacked police stations, government buildings and churches. The government accused the protesters of inciting violence. After the coup, the new government outlawed the Muslim Brotherhood. Morsy was arrested, and he too faces trial. Soltan's sister, Hanaa, is anxious about what the future holds for her family. She wrote a letter to her brother expressing her feelings. "Dear Mohamed," the letter read. "I'm often asked why, and how, you've kept up your hunger strike for 14 months now, despite our pleas for you to end it. I've watched your body go from a plump basketball-playing frame to one that has withered down to its bones. "Your face, with its beautiful smile often grinning, now looks permanently in pain. And, all I can do to explain is to tell people that it's the only form of control you have to hold on to -- now more than ever, on the eve of your sentencing." CNN's Don Melvin contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Egyptian court sentences leader of Muslim Brotherhood to death by hanging.
Badie, 13 others sentenced to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks.
Badie had been sentenced to death twice before, but an appeals court overturned one verdict.
Badie has been sentenced to life in prison for inciting violence during 2013's unrest.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 489, Total accepted tokens: 489, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, the fictitious holiday marked by progressive women's groups as the point in the year women would have to work to make up for "lost" wages as a result of the so-called wage gap. In the wake of Hillary Clinton's presidential announcement, the "holiday" has special meaning. Clinton's election will no doubt center on women voters, and the Democratic women's agenda centers on pay equity and fairness in the workplace. Here's the thing: That 77-cent wage gap statistic is grossly overstated. It's a comparison of averages -- comparing full-time working women with full-time working men -- that doesn't control for any of the important factors that go into determining one's salary such as education, profession, title, time spent in the workforce and time spent in the office each day, to name a few. When we do control for these variables, a much smaller wage gap persists of about 4-6 cents, some of which may be the result of gender discrimination, but also is likely a function of women's choices and different behavior, such as not negotiating as often as men do -- factors for which economists simply can't control. The new women warriors: Reviving the fight for equal rights . I frequently reference my own experience as a working mom with young children as an example of someone who not only made the "mistake" of majoring in history but then pursued a career in the nonprofit political world -- not exactly a winning combination if a high salary is the ultimate goal. Add to this the fact that I took time out of the workplace and worked part time to have a family, and my earning potential simply isn't as high as some of my male counterparts. Opinion: Why Hillary Clinton should take a pay cut . Still, conservatives -- and by extension Republicans -- ought to be paying attention to Equal Pay Day. Because for many on the right the midterm election victories signaled that the "war on women" narrative was over. That Democrats had overplayed their hand and that candidates such as Colorado's Mark Udall simply couldn't succeed. In some respects, Republicans are right. Voters did choose policy substance over gendered rhetoric, and in many ways they rejected the insidious "war on women" narrative. The facts about the gender wage gap . But women voters are valuable, and Equal Pay Day ought to be a reminder that Democrats aren't ready to surrender. Let's remember a 5-point national gender gap still remains in the Democrats' favor. Bottom line: The "war on women" narrative hasn't been turned off -- it's simply shifted gears. And with the presidential election season just revving up, we can expect to see the "war on women" focus turn to the workplace, where Democrats will claim women are paid unfairly, not given the paid leave benefits they deserve and not given the child care support they demand. Many on the right fear if they try to push back on the issue of pay equity they will be skewered in the polls. But nothing could be further from the truth. Map: Where the gender pay gap is the widest . The Independent Women's Forum conducted a randomized, controlled experiment on the issue of the wage gap, and we found that not surprisingly the progressive message in favor of the Paycheck Fairness Act -- a legislative "solution" to close the pay gap -- increased support for the bill but surprisingly was not effective at increasing support for Democrats. In short, if the right is silent on the issue, the left has the potential to win the battle but not the war. It's tempting on days such as Equal Pay Day for Republicans to want to lie low -- to ignore the rhetoric and hope it will all go away by Wednesday. But the reality is that's the worst thing conservatives can do. The public is open to hearing the real story on pay equity, and conservatives need to be ready and willing to respond.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tuesday is Equal Pay Day, a fictitious holiday marking women's pay gap.
The holiday is a reminder that Democrats aren't ready to surrender.
The "war on women" narrative hasn't been turned off -- it's simply shifted gears.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 490, Total accepted tokens: 490, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It was right after one of the longest lockouts in NBA history. Jeff Green, then playing for the Boston Celtics, was looking forward to getting back to the hardwood. That was until a routine physical stopped him in his tracks. The physical revealed he had an aortic aneurysm near the left valve of his heart. "I was shocked," said the Memphis Grizzlies small forward. "I had no symptoms of fatigue, shortness of breath." Green had to have open heart surgery. "Leading up to it was nerve-racking," he said. "I couldn't run. I couldn't touch a basketball. I couldn't get stressed out, it was tough." As Green learned how doctors would open up his chest to repair his heart, he considered the possibility he may never play basketball again. "The first couple of weeks after I was told, I really focused in on my career and what was next," said the basketball player. "I wanted to make sure if I wanted to come back, I was able to come back and play the same way I did before I left." If that opportunity wasn't there, Green wanted to have a backup plan. So, he headed back to his college roots at Georgetown University, finished his degree and became the first person in his family to graduate from college. Green's NBA basketball career wasn't over, but it was a slow progression back to the court. He missed the entire 2011-2012 season. "I didn't even watch any basketball," he said. "Six months after the surgery was the first time I set foot on a court." It was with the Hoyas where Green laid back down the foundation of his game, healing his body and regaining muscle. "The timing was off," he said.  "I wasn't concerned about getting hit, the biggest thing was just being in shape and being able to move and being able to function on the floor." Green believes the surgery and hard road back to the NBA have given him a new perspective and more meaning in his life. "I will never forget those days that I could walk 15 steps for five minutes," he said. "Now I attack every game like this could be my last." "I feel like the year I missed really added more years," he explained.  "It added more life into what I'm doing because I'm more grateful for it." Green's now using his story to raise awareness of hidden heart risk.  He also spends time with children dealing with cardiac issues -- often telling them they are "superheroes" and encouraging them to "show off your scar -- embrace it!"<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jeff Green, Boston Celtics, had aortic aneurysm near left valve of his heart.
Green had to have open heart surgery; he missed the entire 2011-2012 season.
Green believes the surgery and hard road back to the NBA have given him a new perspective.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 491, Total accepted tokens: 491, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Beijing (CNN)Amid tight security, a Chinese court has convicted veteran journalist Gao Yu for revealing state secrets and sentenced her to seven years in prison. Gao, 71, immediately said she would appeal, her lawyer Mo Shaoping told CNN Friday. After a closed trial last November, the No. 3 Intermediate People's Court in Beijing had twice delayed handing down a verdict, giving Gao's supporters some hope that the authorities' apparent hesitation may lead to her acquittal and release. "Today's conviction is mainly based on a forced confession that she had since retracted," Mo said. "This is a totally wrong judgment that doesn't respect the facts or the evidence." The government had accused Gao of disclosing a highly confidential "Document No. 9" issued by the ruling Communist Party leadership in 2013 to an overseas Chinese-language news organization, according to her lawyer. The document revealed the Party's ideological battle plan to counter advocates of constitutional democracy, banning public discussions on topics ranging from press freedom, civil rights to judicial independence. "There is no defense against state secret charges in China, anything the Party or the government want to label as state secrets will be labeled and treated as such -- they can even do it retroactively," said Nicholas Bequelin, the Hong Kong-based East Asia director of Amnesty International. "Her sentencing is in line with the very stern approach President Xi Jinping's team has taken on dissent, information control and challenges to the Party," he added. Beijing police detained Gao in late April of last year -- ahead of the sensitive 25th anniversary of the Tiananmen Square crackdown -- and state broadcaster CCTV soon aired her "confession" on national television. Expressing "deep remorse" in the video, Gao told interrogators she "deeply regretted that her behavior had harmed national interests and violated the law." Mo, her lawyer, said the authorities had extracted the confession by threatening her son's safety and released the police video to CCTV without her knowledge. He added the alleged recipient of the leaked document even publicly denied that Gao was his source. An outspoken journalist and press freedom advocate, Gao began her career as a reporter for the state-run China News Service in 1979 and, in recent years, had been writing columns for overseas Chinese-language publications. She was arrested after the Tiananmen Square protests in 1989 and released more than a year later. She was imprisoned for another six years for leaking state secrets in 1993 -- though the government has never disclosed details of that case. Since Xi took power over two years ago, his government has jailed hundreds of activists across China despite rising international concern. "We are in the midst of one of the most severe crackdowns on human rights activists," said Bequelin of Amnesty International. "What the state used to tolerate, it doesn't tolerate anymore."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Gao Yu, 71, convicted of revealing state secrets.
She was arrested in April of last year.
Gao's lawyer says she was forced to confess.
Gao's lawyer: Authorities extracted confession by threatening her son's safety.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 492, Total accepted tokens: 492, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: New York (CNN)New York state authorities have issued a health alert following a dramatic spike in hospital visits for synthetic marijuana-related emergencies. Gov. Andrew Cuomo said Friday that more than 160 patients in nine days have been rushed to hospitals across the state for adverse reactions to synthetic cannabinoid, known as "spice" or "K2." "Spice" and other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material coated with chemicals that are supposed to mimic the effects of marijuana, according to a statement from the governor's office. "Since the exact compounds contained in synthetic cannabinoid products change so frequently, it's often impossible for users to know exactly what they are putting in their body," acting New York State Health Commissioner Dr. Howard Zucker said. Symptoms after use have a wide range of severity, from confusion, drowsiness and headaches to increased heart rate, seizures and loss of consciousness, according to the New York State Department of Health. Synthetic marijuana is popular among teens because it is marketed as incense or natural products to "mask its true purpose," the health department statement said. "Young people may be fooled into thinking that these substances are safe because they are sold over the counter or are in colorful packaging, but they are not made for human consumption," New York Alcohol and Substance Abuse Service s Commissioner Arlene Gonzalez Sanchez said. "They are dangerous and can have significant, long-term effects on the brain." The recent surge is not isolated in New York; other states across the country have noticed similar trends. Alabama Department of Public Health issued a statement last week acknowledging a rise of synthetic marijuana usage and said there had been 98 overdoses suspected to be linked with "spice" in the previous month. Mobile County alone has seen seven cases in 2015 so far, more than the entire previous year, the statement said. Mississippi health officials are also concerned that synthetic marijuana is on the rise. Ninety-seven  cases over an eight-day span in April were reported to the Mississippi Poison Control Center, a Department of Health press release said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: More than 160 patients rushed to hospitals across the state for adverse reactions.
Spice and other similar synthetic drugs are often marketed as legal plant material.
Symptoms after use have a wide range of severity, from confusion to seizures.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 493, Total accepted tokens: 493, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Amy Schumer seems to be trying single-handedly this week to make everyone in America laugh. And she's off to a good start. The comedian took a fake tumble on the red carpet Tuesday night at the 2015 TIME 100 gala in New York -- right in front of fellow honorees Kanye West and Kim Kardashian, who stepped around her as they moved down the line. The stunt drew guffaws from the paparazzi and other onlookers, although Kanye -- perhaps not used to being upstaged -- looked unamused. "I saw them, and I asked my publicist, 'Can I dive in front of them and act like I fell?' And she said, 'I can't stop you,' " Schumer told People. The prank came the same night the third season of Schumer's hit show, "Inside Amy Schumer," premiered on Comedy Central. The episode has won praise for its "Milk Milk Lemonade" video, which ridicules mens' obsession with a certain female body part, and a "Friday Night Lights" parody in which high school football players protest their new coach's "no raping" policy. And it came the night after Schumer appeared on CBS' "The Late Show" and turned David Letterman red-faced when she lifted her dress to show him a scar she got from surfing and said, "That's my vagina." Letterman, who had urged her to "do something now that you'll regret," turned to the chortling audience and said, "Well, I asked for it, didn't I?" So yes, you can say Schumer -- who in the past two weeks has graced the cover of Entertainment Weekly, hosted the MTV Movie Awards and learned her TV show was just renewed for a fourth season -- is having a moment. "They were right there! The epicenter of American (celebrity culture.) Gotta do it," Schumer told People about her Kimye red carpet dive. "It was the best."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Amy Schumer takes a fake tumble on the red carpet at the 2015 TIME 100 gala.
Schumer's hit show, "Inside Amy Schumer," premieres on Comedy Central.
Schumer appeared on CBS' "The Late Show" and turned David Letterman red-faced.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 494, Total accepted tokens: 494, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Once Hillary Clinton's official announcement went online, social media responded in a big way, with terms like "Hillary Clinton," "#Hillary2016," and yes, even "#WhyImNotVotingforHillary" trending. Certainly, you couldn't go far on Twitter (even before Clinton tweeted her announcement), without an opinion or thought on her new campaign (there were over 3 million views of her announcment tweets in one hour, and 750,000 Facebook video views so far by Sunday evening). Some tweeted their immediate support, with one word: .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hillary Clinton's announcement went online, and social media responded.
The announcement was over 3 million views on Twitter in one hour.
Clinton's campaign has been criticized for not being "woke" enough.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 495, Total accepted tokens: 495, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors in London, his lawyer in Sweden told CNN. Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012 to avoid extradition to Sweden, where prosecutors want to question him about 2010 allegations that he raped one woman and sexually molested another. According to the lawyer, Thomas Olsson, Swedish prosecutors will now have to reach out to British and Ecuadorian authorities to request permission to conduct the interview at the embassy. The prosecutors previously balked at coming to Britain to question Assange. However, some of the alleged crimes will be subject to a statute of limitations in August 2015, according to a statement from Marianne Ny, the director of public prosecutions. Ny explained the logic behind the Swedish authorities' change of approach in her statement. "My view has always been that to perform an interview with him at the Ecuadorian embassy in London would lower the quality of the interview, and that he would need to be present in Sweden in any case should there be a trial in the future," Ny said. "This assessment remains unchanged. Now that time is of the essence, I have viewed it therefore necessary to accept such deficiencies to the investigation and likewise take the risk that the interview does not move the case forward, particularly as there are no other measures on offer without Assange being present in Sweden." The Australian national has not been charged and denies the claims. Assange has said he fears Sweden would extradite him to the United States, where he could face the death penalty if he is charged and convicted of publishing government secrets through WikiLeaks. Ecuador granted Assange political asylum in 2012. CNN's Per Nyberg contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Julian Assange has agreed to be interviewed by Swedish prosecutors.
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian Embassy in London since June 2012.
Prosecutors previously balked at coming to Britain to question Assange.
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 496, Total accepted tokens: 496, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)North Korea is in the headlines again. According to a Wall Street Journal report Thursday, Chinese nuclear experts have told the United States that Pyongyang may already have as many as 20 nuclear warheads. And while that number may seem stunning, it is actually only part of a troubling story. The key takeaway from the latest assessment of North Korea's nuclear capability is not in the actual number of warheads, but the type of warhead, as this gives a better clue to the future of the country's weapons capabilities. True, the reported Chinese estimate of 20 warheads is large enough to constitute a nuclear "arsenal." However, this number is not actually significantly larger than conventional open source estimates of 10 to 15 warheads previously provided by U.S. and other experts. The big takeaway from the report is instead the prediction that North Korea could be in a position to double its arsenal by next year with weapons-grade uranium. If that assessment is correct, and Pyongyang can indeed boost its nuclear stockpile by the end of this year to around 40 warheads by utilizing highly-enriched weapons-grade uranium, then the plutonium program that the U.S. and members of the Six-Party talks had been negotiating over this past quarter century would suddenly seem trivial. After all, the plutonium program might be capable of spitting out maybe a few weapons worth of plutonium annually. This news could be much more serious. Why? For a start, it would mean that North Korea's activities would undoubtedly meet the definition, if it had not already, of a runaway nuclear weapons program, with the potential to be fueled by a large supply of raw uranium buried in North Korea's mines. In addition, while the plutonium program at Yongbyon has a clear and detectable profile, the thousands of centrifuges that spin in a uranium-based program have no detectable heat signature or topographic profile, meaning you could store the stuff not just in the labyrinth of underground tunnels in North Korea, undetectable from the sky, but in any large warehouse. Washington and Seoul have tended to have a policy that leans toward downplaying North Korean threats, at least when there isn't a full-fledged crisis going on. For example, the United States downplayed North Korea's missile threat until the country successfully put a satellite into orbit in December 2012. And up until 2006, no one thought the Kim regime would actually dare undertake a nuclear test. These new estimates could therefore be a timely reminder that we may have downplayed the threat North Korea poses once again. But Thursday's report isn't the only troubling information we have had recently. Just as concerning is the NORAD commander's assessment on North Korea's missile capabilities. On April 7, Adm. Bill Gortney said during a press briefing that the Defense Department believed Pyongyang's KN-08 intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) is operational, with a warhead capacity. This statement is troubling for two reasons. First, Gortney's statement, when combined with the latest Chinese assessment, implies that North Korea now not only has nuclear weapons, but the ability to miniaturize such weapons for a warhead that could be placed atop a missile with range rings extending to the U.S. mainland. Second, and just as importantly, Pyongyang's advances in mobile ICBM capabilities could end up undermining the state of stable deterrence that currently exists on the Korean Peninsula. Put simply, these capabilities could give North Korea confidence that it is immune from any U.S. counterstrikes. And if that ends up being the case, the United States could find itself with a renewed headache in Asia -- and its carefully calibrated plans for its pivot to the region crumbling.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: North Korea may have as many as 20 nuclear warheads, report says.
Report: Pyongyang could double arsenal by next year with weapons-grade uranium.
Report: Pyongyang's advances in mobile ICBM capabilities could undermine deterrence.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 497, Total accepted tokens: 497, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Two Transportation Security Administration screeners have been fired after conspiring to grope attractive men at Denver International Airport, Denver police said. Here's how police say the scheme worked: When the male TSA officer noticed a man he found attractive, he would alert a female TSA officer. The female officer would then tell the screening machine that a female passenger -- not a male -- was walking through. And that information would trigger a machine to register an anomaly in the groin area, prompting the male TSA officer to pat down the passenger, police said, citing a TSA investigation. But during the patdown, the male TSA officer used the palms of his hands to touch the passenger's front groin area and buttocks, which violates TSA policy. Former TSA agent sentenced for recording coworker . All this came to light after an anonymous tip from a TSA employee in November. The agency launched an investigation, and investigator Chris Higgins monitored the two TSA officers in question, Denver police said in a report. Higgins watched the plan being carried out on February 9. He interviewed the female TSA officer, who said she had done this with her colleague at least 10 other times, police said. Both of the TSA officers investigated have been fired, TSA special agent Charles Stone told police. Authorities did not release their names. Giant security gap at airports: Lack of criminal background checks . The TSA called the incident deplorable. "These alleged acts are egregious and intolerable," the agency said in a written statement to CNN. "All allegations of misconduct are thoroughly investigated by the agency. And when substantiated, employees are held accountable." But it's unlikely criminal charges will be filed because there is no identifiable victim. The TSA said it has been trying to identify the passenger in the February incident but to no avail. The TSA said no passengers have come forward with similar cases so far at the Denver airport. Hidden cameras reveal airport workers stealing from luggage . CNN's Tony Marco contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police: Male TSA officer would alert female officer to attractive man.
Female officer would tell screening machine that a female passenger was walking through.
TSA says male officer used his hands to touch passenger's groin area and buttocks.
TSA says incident is "deplorable" and "intolerable"
Thput (tok/s): 34.05 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 498, Total accepted tokens: 498, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)If newly revised NYPD training materials are approved by a federal judge, new cadets could be taking courses reminding them "not to engage in racial profiling." The proposed training materials, overseen by appointed federal monitor Peter Zimroth, were submitted to Manhattan Federal Court judge Analisa Torres on Monday for approval.  They include directives to "not tell or tolerate ethnic, racial or sexist jokes" and to "not imitate the speech patterns" of others. "Do not engage in racial profiling," the training materials read. "It is against the law. It violates fundamental democratic precepts and freedoms. It violates this Department's policies. It is offensive. It violates your responsibility to treat people equally. It diverts us from catching real criminals. It alienates us from people who need us, and hurts our ability to do our job. You can probably think of other reasons not to do it, but the point is that you will not do it." The training notes also instruct new cadets "not to use terms or words that devalue groups of people or stereotype them" and "not to imitate speech patterns of other racial, ethnic and class groups when communicating cross culturally" because "they appear disingenuous, artificial, and possibly racist." The revised training notes, which include 140 pages of instruction and PowerPoint slides, are a result of a 2013 federal ruling declaring the New York Police Department's "Stop, Question and Frisk" practice unconstitutional. The NYPD has said the policy -- in which police stop, question and frisk people they consider suspicious -- was used to deter crime. The practice had been widely criticized. Police Department figures showed that nearly nine out of 10 people "stopped and frisked" in 2011 were African-American or Hispanic, though New York Mayor Bill de Blasio has said 90% of those stopped were innocent. "The current training materials had not undergone a comprehensive review for some time ... [and] did not address some important subjects or account for some changes in NYPD policies and law," Zimroth wrote in a cover letter to Torres.  "All parties agreed it was essential that the materials be rewritten for the current class to reflect current law and policy." The NYPD collaborated with Zimroth's team in crafting the final training materials.  They will now "review their implementation in terms of our current and ongoing practices," said an NYPD spokesperson in an email to CNN. The Patrolmen's Benevolent Association declined to comment. The materials also provide historical legal information on proper "stops" and offers detailed procedures for patrolling buildings for criminal activity.  They also give instructions on how an officer should lawfully conduct him or herself when engaging with the public. "Remember that a courteous, professional and respectful police officer who illustrates the opposite of bias and discrimination helps create a partnership with the community and builds rapport with the people in it. "The result is that the citizens become our allies and, in turn, policing becomes safer and easier. This enhances our effectiveness and increases our pride and pleasure in what we do," the notes read. If approved, the new training materials will be integrated into the class curriculum for the current class of cadets.  They are expected to graduate in June.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Proposed training materials include directives to "not engage in racial profiling"
The revised training notes are a result of a 2013 federal ruling declaring the "Stop, Question and Frisk" practice unconstitutional.
The NYPD has said the policy was used to deter crime.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 499, Total accepted tokens: 499, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Just before writing this column, I reached into the depths of my wallet, and in between the pilot licenses, I slid out a postage stamp-size certificate issued by the Federal Aviation Administration. The certificate documents my successful completion of the DC Special Flight Rules Area, or SFRA, online course. The online course verifies that I am knowledgeable to fly a plane under visual flight rules into the most highly restricted U.S. airspace in the country. Although a "no-fly zone" over the White House has long existed, the SFRA airspace was developed to protect the Washington area further after the 9/11 terrorist attacks. The size of the SFRA airspace is designed to be large enough to give our defense forces enough time to determine if a threat exists from an aircraft entering it, an opportunity to identify the threat, and if necessary, to divert or eliminate it. An airspeed restriction begins at a 60-mile radius from the center of Reagan National Airport. At the 30-mile radius, all aircraft must file a flight plan that identifies itself to air traffic control via a specific four-digit transponder code (a transponder is an electronic communication device that identifies a specific airplane on an air traffic controller's display screen to indicate authorization for the flight). Aircraft must enter the SFRA through specific flight "gates" that are displayed on a standard aviation map. Aircraft on instrument flight rule flight plans, which include all airline operations, are not required to comply with SFRA restrictions. Air traffic control assumes the responsibility for the appropriate routing. As a matter of standard procedure, flights using an instrument flight rule flight plan have specific clearances with specific transponder codes, so the authorization for transit through the SFRA airspace is already built into the system. Why do I carry the certificate as an airline pilot? I have had occasion to fly my own little airplane through the airspace on a visual flight rule flight plan. Pilot who landed gyrocopter blogged about why . Noncompliance with the airspace requirements, or worse, no communication at all, carries some serious federal penalties, which could include the suspension or revocation of your pilot license. Being at the wrong end of an F-16 missile is also a possible penalty. So how does a flying machine that looks like a sophisticated lawn chair with helicopter blades invade such highly restricted airspace, as happened Wednesday, when a postal carrier from Florida landed a single-person aircraft on Capitol grounds? Well, I'm making an assumption based on the video footage, but it appears that this aircraft is classified by the FAA as a gyrocopter. A gyrocopter cannot quite launch straight up into the air in the manner of a typical helicopter; it requires a short ground run for takeoff. And most gyrocopters are kit-built aircraft. It also appears that this particular gyrocopter may weigh just under 255 pounds, which classifies it as an ultralight aircraft in FAA parlance. Why is weight significant? Below that weight, a license for the pilot or a license for the aircraft is not required. In addition, to remain in the classification, the maximum designed airspeed can't exceed 55 knots. Lawmaker looking into gyrocopter landing as pilot goes to court . A facility tracking the movement of this particular gyrocopter on radar would witness a speed probably attainable by the average Canadian goose. And the radar reflection on a piece of machinery of that diminutive size is most likely very limited. If it was actually tracked on a radar screen, the target may have appeared to be a flock of birds. How much damage could this aircraft have inflicted had it been intended for nefarious purposes? Well, if it had been crashed into a building, I feel confident that the building would have been triumphant. If the intent had been to carry some sort of destructive device, the weapon would have had to be relatively small. The engine is not designed to carry more than one pilot. And lack of carry-on space is a definite issue. Not that a review of airspace security measures isn't in order, but I wouldn't be concerned that this event will become the next threat epidemic. As an airline pilot, I can say I am relatively confident that our nation's capital is secure from gyrocopter attacks orchestrated by misguided lunatics.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: FAA certificate documents successful completion of online course.
DC Special Flight Rules Area airspace was developed to protect Washington area.
Aircraft must enter the airspace through specific flight "gates"
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 500, Total accepted tokens: 500, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It's not going to be enough to slake the thirst of the elusive Mars bunny, but scientists say new research seems to support the theory that what looks like a bone-dry red planet during the day could be dotted with tiny puddles of salty water at night. Experts have long thought that a particular kind of salt detected in Martian soil could pull water vapor from the the planet's thin atmosphere into the soil at night and then keep it from freezing despite the extreme cold. Researchers aren't saying they've seen direct evidence of brine hiding out in the Martian night. But they say the new study -- based on a full year of monitoring of temperature and humidity conditions by the Mars Curiosity rover in Gale Crater -- does seem to bear the theory out. "Gale Crater is one of the least likely places on Mars to have conditions for brines to form, compared to sites at higher latitudes or with more shading," said Alfred McEwen of the University of Arizona at Tucson, a co-author of the new report. NASA chief scientist: 'Indications' of alien life by 2025 . "So if brines can exist there, that strengthens the case they could form and persist even longer at many other locations," possibly explaining channels seen on Mars that appear be formed by running water, he said. Researchers say Mars may once have had an sea as extensive as Earth's Atlantic Ocean, and Curiosity has found evidence of ancient streambeds and a lake on the planet. The vast majority of that water has been lost to space over the eons, leaving Mars an overwhelmingly dry and inhospitable place. The new study doesn't change the picture for life on Mars. The researchers say the temperatures they measured are too low and water too scarce "to support terrestrial organisms" (sorry, bunny fans). But scientists say evidence of water ice at the planet's poles and now more evidence toward the theory of widespread brines keeps them hoping they'll find evidence that life at least once existed there. "Liquid water is a requirement for life as we know it, and a target for Mars exploration missions," lead author Javier Martin-Torres said in a statement. "Conditions near the surface of present-day Mars are hardly favorable for microbial life as we know it," he said, "but the possibility for liquid brines on Mars has wider implications for habitability and geological water-related processes." In other words, we'll keep looking. Mars is the next step for humanity -- we must take it .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Scientists say new study seems to support the theory that Mars could have brines.
Researchers aren't saying they've seen direct evidence of brine hiding out in the Martian night.
Scientists say evidence of water ice at the planet's poles and now more evidence toward the theory of widespread brines.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 501, Total accepted tokens: 501, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Shanghai, China (CNN)When China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week, the only models on display will be the ones with four wheels. Gone, show organizers hope, will be the scantily-clad "car babes" that in previous years have posed provocatively on car hoods and sashayed through the aisles to draw crowds to the 9-day event. The focus, instead, will be the latest offerings from an array of global car manufacturers, which -- models or not -- are pulling out all the stops to compete for Chinese customers in what since 2009 has been the world's largest car market. "It's a major industry event for us," said Andrew Boyle, global product communications manager at Rolls Royce. It sells several hundred of its super-luxury vehicles in China each year, and in Shanghai this week will launch its latest model, the Phantom Limelight. Vehicle sales in China totaled 23.5 million units last year, almost a third more than in the United States. However, the show comes at a turning point for China's auto market, which is facing a second year of slower growth in 2015 after a decade-long sales and production frenzy. Intense competition for China's drivers means that car manufacturers are increasingly developing vehicles that cater to Chinese preferences. Nissan will use Auto Shanghai 2015 to unveil the Lannia mid-size sedan, which it says has been specially created for "the rising young Chinese generation." The country's gearheads have embraced the SUV or sport utility vehicle, sales of which jumped a third last year, and many will feature in the displays planned by dozens of European, Japanese U.S., South Korea and Chinese automakers. This year MG, once known for its sleek sports cars and now owned by Shanghai Automotive Industries Corp, enters the fray with its first SUV, the GS, while Ford will give two new luxury SUVs their China market debut --  the Lincoln MKX and Lincoln Navigator, the latter favored by hip hop stars. "The SUV is popular as a first car," said Raymond Tsang, a Shanghai-based partner at consultancy Bain & Company. "If you only have one, you want one that you can commute in and take on a road trip." Foreign brands have dominated sales in the past two years, but as they improve product quality and design, local rivals like Geely, which also owns Sweden's Volvo, and Great Wall Motor are clawing back market share, especially when it comes to SUVs. Geely, which already exports to Russia, the Middle East and Africa, is also stepping up its efforts to crack more developed markets. It is preparing to export the Volvo S60 Inscription to the United States from a factory in the southwestern city of Chengdu. It would be the first car made in China to hit U.S showrooms and may pave the way for Chinese brands to shake up the U.S. market like Japanese and Korean car manufacturers did decades earlier. With car ownership still at much lower levels than the U.S. and Europe, China is likely to remain the industry's most important market for decades. However, the breakneck growth may be a thing of the past. In 2014, growth in sales halved to 7% and according to the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the slowdown continued in the first three months of this year when sales rose just 3.9%. It comes as the wider economy slows and a prolonged campaign against corruption has hit sales of luxury vehicles, especially brands like Audi that have been the ride of choice for Chinese officials. On top of that, the hassles of car ownership are deterring some potential buyers, as is an awareness of the environmental costs. Congested and chaotic roads, restrictions on the number of new vehicle license plates and a shortage of residential parking space  may trigger a backlash against car ownership, according to a recent report from Bain & Company. "The car was seen as a status symbol," says Pierre-Henri Boutot, a partner at Bain and co-author of the report. "But now in larger cities they see the hassle and some of these people are thinking of giving up their car." Just maybe, China will need those car babes to boost sales after all.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: China's biggest auto show opens in Shanghai this week.
Show organizers hope to draw crowds with latest models from global automakers.
Show comes at a turning point for China's auto market, which is facing second year of slower growth.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 502, Total accepted tokens: 502, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Oprah's in there. So's Bill Murray, George Clooney, Scarlett Johansson, Jerry Seinfeld, Howard Stern, Tina Fey, Michael Keaton and Ray Romano. On Tuesday, "The Late Show with David Letterman" announced some of the guests for the talk show host's final month of broadcasts. The last "Late Show" will air Wednesday, May 20. Among the notables are Oprah Winfrey, with whom Letterman has had an on-and-off faux feud for years; Clooney, who's starring in "Tomorrowland," which will be released on May 22; and Stern, who's always an engaging Letterman guest. But longtime fans may be even more intrigued by the appearances of Keaton, an old acquaintance who once shared a stage with Letterman as players on Mary Tyler Moore's short-lived 1978 variety show, and Murray, who was the very first guest on Letterman's old NBC show, "Late Night with David Letterman." Steve Martin, who's taken part in some of the "Late Show's" best bits, will also be dropping by. Letterman has been a late-night host for 33 years, close to 22 of them on CBS' "Late Show." Stephen Colbert will take over the "Late Show" on September 8.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "The Late Show with David Letterman" announces some of the guests for the talk show host's final month of broadcasts.
The last "Late Show" will air Wednesday, May 20.
Among the notables are Oprah Winfrey, with whom Letterman has had an on-and-off faux feud for years.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 503, Total accepted tokens: 503, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A massive brawl involving two dozen people at a Queens, New York, casino was captured on video Friday night. The cell phone video shows a number of men throwing punches and even chairs into crowds of people. Stanchions can be seen flying and being used as weapons in the chaotic scene. The fight took place in the food court area of Resorts World Casino where approximately 300 people were still at the scene when police arrived, according to the New York Police Department. One witness told CNN affiliate WCBS the scene was "chaotic" and compared it to a World Wrestling Entertainment event. The brawl took place in front of Fat Tuesday, which opened at the food court Friday. Police said that there was a drink special advertised at the casino. Several thousand dollars' worth of damages was done to the casino, police said, and an officer was taken to the hospital for a hand injury. Three men were arrestted in connection to the brawl, according to police. Two of the men were given a summons for disorderly conduct and released, while the third remains in custody and has been charged with obstructing governmental administration, resisting arrest, and disorderly conduct. Police were not able to confirm the cause of the fight and the case is still under investigation, the NYPD said. CNN's Joe Sutton contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Massive brawl involving two dozen people at Queens, New York, casino.
Police: Stanchions can be seen flying and being used as weapons in the chaotic scene.
Brawl took place in the food court area of Resorts World Casino.
Police: Several thousand dollars' worth of damages was done to the casino.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 504, Total accepted tokens: 504, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tripoli, Libya (CNN)It took one Somali woman seven months and 4,000 miles to trek to Libya. From there, she hoped to cross the Mediterranean Sea so her baby could be born in Europe. She didn't get there. She was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held in a facility just outside Tripoli. Other pregnant women fleeing repression have come to Libya -- many fleeing fighting that refuses to stop. They, like male migrants, are willing to risk their lives on crowded boats to make the final part of the trip. The Somali woman's baby, Sabrine, was born a week after she was detained. Libyan officials are in a quandary. The prison head admitted to CNN there is no system in place to send these people home, jail them or let them go. About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa. They denied they were heading to Europe and told CNN they just want to go home, which is several thousands of miles away. In one sense, they are fortunate, even though the time in prison seems like forever. They are alive. Many others have died when smugglers' ships sink. Bodies wash up on Libyan beaches. They are anonymous -- no IDs, no links to who they were and what was in their past that drove them to try the dangerous trip. In Malta, there are similar stories of death. On Thursday, the bare, stark caskets came in one by one on the shoulders of Maltese soldiers. The tears soon came along with them. That was the scene in a tent outside the Mater Dei Hospital in Valletta, Malta, a chance for citizens and dignitaries to remember 24 of what's thought to be hundreds of migrants killed when their crammed ship sank in the Mediterranean Sea. Almost all the other victims haven't been accounted for yet, with the presumption that their bodies remain trapped inside the 66-foot (20-meter) boat that capsized late Saturday roughly 70 miles (113 kilometers) north of Libya. Italian authorities have said that many of the estimated 850 aboard had been locked in the ship's lower levels with no way out. Why I fled: Migrants share their stories . The tragedy has prompted questions about the growing migrant crisis facing Europe, as well as about who is responsible for Saturday's tragedy. The Catania, Italy, prosecutor's office announced Tuesday that the vessel's 27-year-old captain, Mohammed Ali Malek, and crew member Mahmud Bikhit have been arrested on suspicion of "reckless shipwreck, multiple manslaughter (and) abetting clandestine immigration" for their roles in the disaster. Those questions still need to be answered. But Thursday, at least, was a day for reflection -- about lives snuffed out simply because people wanted a better life. "This event reminds us that we are all immigrants and our life is a journey of migration," Imam Mohammed El Sadi said at Thursday's funeral. "Our grandparents Adam and Eve, peace be onto them, emigrated from heaven to earth. We emigrated from our mothers' wombs to this world, and we will immigrate to the graves." The deaths are the latest illustration of the increasing flow of migrants from North Africa and the Middle East through the Mediterranean and into Europe -- assuming they survive the trip. Gemma Parkin, a spokeswoman for Save the Children, said that the number of migrants who have fled to find refuge in Europe has skyrocketed 70% this year over last, a dramatic rise that she attributed mostly to the deteriorating security situation in Libya. About 8% of the recorded migrants between January and April 19 of this year are children, Parkin said. Of those, 70% aren't unaccompanied by adults -- some of them as young as 9 years old. Such numbers represent only people rescued at sea or caught once they reach land. Frontex, the European Union's border management agency, says that many illegal immigrants get through without being detected; moreover, most of them come in legally via airports and then overstay their visas. CNN's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Tripoli and CNN's Steve Almasy and Greg Botelho wrote in Atlanta. CNN's Ingrid Formanek in Catania, Italy, contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Somali woman's baby was born a week after she was detained.
She was arrested as she was sailing north and is now one of 350 migrants being held.
About one-third of the migrants are from Eritrea on the east coast of Africa.
Italian authorities have said that many of the estimated 850 aboard had been locked.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 505, Total accepted tokens: 505, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The University of Florida and Emory University are investigating allegations that Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members disrespected wounded war veterans last weekend at Panama City Beach, Florida, by spitting, urinating and pouring beer on them. "They actually spit on me and my service dog as well, and that's just so disrespectful and it hurts. I come and I feel honored and I feel safe and that I belong, but now I feel like I'm defending myself," wounded veteran Nicholas Connole told CNN affiliate WJHG. "People were urinating off the balconies, throwing up in the elevators, making suggestive and sexual comments about veterans with their service dogs and derogatory and suggestive comments about their wives," said Linda Cope, organizer of the Warrior Beach Retreat. Both the University of Florida and the international office of Zeta Beta Tau are investigating, have apologized to the veterans group and the international office suspended activities for the fraternity chapters at the Florida school at at Emory in Atlanta. The fraternity's executive director, Laurence Bolotin said in a statement that three fraternity members from the University of Florida have been expelled from the group. "While the details of their actions are still under investigation, there is no doubt that some of our members engaged in ugly and unacceptable behavior," Bolotin said. "On behalf of our entire organization, I want to apologize to veterans, both those who were in Panama City Beach, and those who have felt the pain from afar, as well as to their families and all who support the Warrior Beach Retreat and had worked to make it a positive and meaningful occasion for attendees." "I am personally offended and disappointed by the behavior that has been described to me," University of Florida Student Affairs Vice President Dave Kratzer said. "This is not representative of our students or of the university." A reporter for CNN affiliate WFOX went to the University of Florida fraternity house on Friday seeking comment from members. Nobody answered her knock on the door or would talk when she approached them in the parking lot. Do fraternities make men behave badly? Emory University issued a statement saying it was appalled to hear of the disrespectful acts but said "no evidence has been found to implicate Emory students in these reported incidents." Cope said the Wounded Warriors stayed at the same resort where the fraternities were having their spring formal. She said the fraternity members had too much to drink the night of April 17. "We had an American flag flying outside and there was urination coming down from the balconies going onto the flag," she said. "One of the drunk kids pulled a veteran American flag out of the ground and [we] made the boy put it back. This all happened Friday afternoon, through the night, into the late morning." She said the veterans and their families did not retaliate. "These men and women acted like the leaders they are of our country," she said. Cope told WJHG she received an apology letter from the University of Florida president and the president of Zeta Beta Tau at that school. The website for Zeta Beta Tau says it's the the world's first Jewish fraternity and prides itself on being an inclusive organization. In 1989, it became the first fraternity to abolish pledging from its organization, the website said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: University of Florida, Emory University investigating allegations.
Zeta Beta Tau fraternity members allegedly spitting, urinating, pouring beer on veterans.
Veterans group says veterans were made to feel like they belonged.
Zeta Beta Tau executive director says three members have been expelled.
Thput (tok/s): 34.04 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 506, Total accepted tokens: 506, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It takes a village to raise a triathlete. Since returning home from our kickoff weekend where we got to experience life as a full-time triathlete, I've been juggling training life with a full-time job, hectic commute and time with friends and family. With my Fit Nation teammates spread far and wide, this was a solo effort. Throw in a notorious Chicago winter that refused to go gently into that good night, and I'll admit it: I was not very diligent in getting all of my training done. "Partner up," the Facebook status read. Jae Rockwell, the founder of my local women's fitness groups, Women RUN the World, posted this mantra to help us keep ourselves accountable. And so that's what I did. I'm lucky to count a handful of both experienced and aspiring triathletes among my friends. So, I reached out to them to ask what they were up to. Annastasia W., who's training for her first Ironman half-triathlon this summer, suggested a group brick workout at our local gym. She invited several other women, including complete newbies, through the SoleTri Sisters Facebook group and 10 of us met up on a cold Chicago morning to swim for 15 minutes, bike for 30 minutes and run for 15 minutes. That was great motivation to keep up with my workouts for the next week. A few weeks later, I traveled to Little Rock, Arkansas, to run a marathon. I traveled to Little Rock with three phenomenal "fitspirations": Samantha Goga, Natali Villarruel and Umber Rahman -- who are members of an obstacle course race group called the Midwest Vikings. Seeing how much fun they've had participating in some really daunting physical challenges helped me push through some of the more difficult moments of running my first marathon! Swimming remains my weakest link. I just learned to swim last summer. Sometimes I forget that and don't cut myself any slack or recognize how far I've come. Once my formal swim class ended in February I found myself seriously slacking on my swim training. Enter my swim angels, Lovie Twine and Eanista Bailey. They took me out into Lake Michigan last year after my first swim class was complete for a celebratory "swim" (which was really just wading). It was great to have them join me for a swim workout. I appreciated their perspective and gentle coaching. And you know what was happening while I was partnering up? Spring was on the way! And that meant I could finally break free of my Computrainer bike sessions and hit the road. I was lucky enough to connect with the Major Taylor Cycling Club of Chicago (MTC3) for a series of novice rides they've been hosting on local trails around Chicagoland. With two falls behind me (hey, those clips take some getting used to), we got in nearly 23 miles and a new addiction was born. Riding outside with the wind whipping your face, chasing your friends and breathing fresh air is exhilarating and I'm looking forward to many more rides outdoors. I want to say thank you to the fellowship of fitness that I've been lucky enough to find. There are so many others we keep me inspired, accountable and motivated. I'm so grateful that they keep me moving in the right direction and I hope that I can help others do the same. So when times get tough, partner up!<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Fit Nation teammate Annastasia W. suggested a group brick workout.
She invited several other women, including complete newbies, through the SoleTri Sisters Facebook group.
I met up with three other women to swim, bike and run for 15 minutes.
I'm looking forward to many more rides outdoors with my cycling club.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 507, Total accepted tokens: 507, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)After more than nine years of traveling through the solar system, NASA's New Horizons spacecraft has sent back its first color image of Pluto. The initial picture released on Tuesday shows a couple of orange-tinged blobs: Pluto and its largest moon, Charon. But the probe will soon be beaming back much sharper images and a wealth of other information about Pluto's remote, unexplored corner of the solar system. "This is pure exploration; we're going to turn points of light into a planet and a system of moons before your eyes," said Alan Stern, New Horizons' principal investigator. Launched in 2006, New Horizons is nearing the crucial point in its epic voyage of more than 3 billion miles. The probe is due to make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14. "In an unprecedented flyby this July, our knowledge of what the Pluto system is really like will expand exponentially, and I have no doubt there will be exciting discoveries," said John Grunsfeld, an astronaut and associate administrator of the NASA Science Mission Directorate. Discovered in 1930, Pluto was once considered to be the smallest planet in the solar system. But scientists have since revised that view because of Pluto's size and location, demoting it to the status of "dwarf planet": a planet that's too small to clear other objects out of its way. Pluto is 1,400 miles wide, roughly half the width of the continental United States. At 3.6 billion miles out in the solar system, it's about 40 times as far from the sun as Earth is. By discovering more about Pluto and its moons, New Horizons will shed light on a little-known third zone of the solar system, beyond the rocky planets and the gas giants. The area, known as the Kuiper Belt, contains "mysterious small planets and planetary building blocks," according to NASA. It's known for producing comets, such as Halley's Comet, which orbits the sun about every 75 years. New Horizons will use its array of cameras and other instruments to study Pluto's surface and atmosphere, as well as its moons, which number at least five. It will also be on the lookout for rings and other satellites. Stern said the spacecraft's encounter was set to be "an exploration bonanza unparalleled in anticipation since the storied missions of Voyager in the 1980s."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: New Horizons spacecraft sends back first color image of Pluto.
The probe is due to make its closest approach to Pluto on July 14.
The spacecraft is on a 3-billion-mile journey to the distant planet.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 508, Total accepted tokens: 508, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)About 150,000 years ago -- give or take 20,000 -- a guy fell into a well. Last month he made science history. The Altamura Man became the oldest Neanderthal to have his DNA extracted by researchers. It took them more than 20 years to get around to doing it. Scientists in southern Italy have known about him since 1993, when spelunkers spied his skull staring blankly back at them from its nook in the Lamalunga cave, deep under the town of Altamura. The cave explorers told researchers at the University of Bari what they'd found, according to their report published in March in the Journal of Human Evolution and Phys.org. Altamura Man's intact skull and jumbled pile of bones made for a great specimen, but they were wedged into a panoply of stalactites and stony globules deposited by water dripping over them for tens of thousands of years. Researchers decided not to rescue the bones for fear that trying to ease them out of the cave's calcified grip would shatter them and ruin Altamura Man. So, they left him forever a cave man. Calcite pebbles line the Neanderthal's eye sockets, nose bone and an upper jaw like a hundred decorative piercings. Analysis of the calcite has shown the bones to be 128,000 to 187,000 years old. Scientists believe Altamura Man wound up in the cave at least that long ago after falling into a prehistoric well, then died in the caverns at its bottom of thirst or hunger. Recently, researchers made an exception, and toted off a chip from his right shoulder blade to the lab. Metrics taken of his skeleton confirm Altamura Man was a Homo neanderthalensis. He will spend perhaps endless eons glaring silently out of his cranny in the world's most secluded spot, or, as Altamura's archeological museum describes it, "in the corner of a small cavity situated between the ground and the back wall." The scientists hope they will be able to sequence his DNA, to find out more about the evolution of all hominids -- including us. And to hear some of Altamura Man's story about life in Neanderthals' early days in Europe, before he happened to stumble into that darned hole.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Altamura Man's skull was found in a cave in southern Italy.
Scientists have known about him since 1993.
He will spend perhaps endless eons glaring silently out of his cranny.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 509, Total accepted tokens: 509, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Pope Francis will visit Cuba on his way to the United States in September, the Vatican said Wednesday -- a trip that will come months after he helped negotiate a diplomatic thaw between the two countries. The exact timing of the Cuba trip wasn't immediately released, but the Vatican said the Pope would stop in Cuba before his planned late September stops in Washington, New York and Philadelphia. In Havana's Cathedral Square, people reacted joyously to the news. "The Pope coming here, maybe he could ... make more positive ways for Cubans to go towards religion, more than politics," said Raul Garcia, a Cuban-American who returned to the island. "I think it's going to be a very good visit, very beneficial for the country." "We are waiting for him. We're very happy he is coming," said Ulises, a man who sells brightly colored paintings of antique cars to tourists on the street next to the sprawling Havana Cathedral. "He should come and get to know it and walk around the pretty spots in Havana." Cuba's state-run television reported that Francis would visit, but like the Vatican did not report exactly when he would arrive. Francis, the first pope from Latin America, played a role in restarting diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States, earning praise from both U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro. The Pope made personal pleas to Obama and Cuban leaders in private letters, writing that the two nations should try to reset their relations after decades of friction. The Vatican also hosted talks between U.S. and Cuban delegations in October, where they hashed out aspects of a new trade policy and discussed the release of jailed American contractor Alan Gross, who was freed as part of the detente between the two countries. "I want to thank His Holiness, Pope Francis, whose moral example shows us the importance of pursuing the world as it should be, rather than simply settling for the world as it is," Obama said in December as he announced a U.S. policy shift on Cuba. Since his election in 2013, Pope Francis has displayed a deep interest in international affairs. He repeatedly urged Western leaders not to bomb Syria, hosted a prayer service between Israeli and Palestinian leaders at the Vatican and waded into diplomatic controversy last week by referring to the killing of 1.5 million Armenians a century ago as a "genocide." The latter move deeply upset Turkish leaders, who recalled their Vatican ambassador. The Pope is expected to continue his international activism in July with a trip to South America, where he will visit Ecuador, Bolivia and Paraguay. In late September, Francis will visit Washington, where he will address Congress; New York, where he will address the U.N. General Assembly; and Philadelphia, where he will celebrate a public Mass that's expected to draw more than 1 million people. Francis will be the third consecutive leader of the Roman Catholic Church to visit Cuba. St. John Paul II stopped there for several days in 1998, and Pope Benedict XVI visited for three days in 2012. Church officials in Havana said that they expect Francis' visit to be shorter than those of his predecessors. Officials from the Vatican are expected to travel to the island soon to finalize logistics for Francis' trip, the officials said . CNN's Patrick Oppmann reported from Havana. CNN's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta. CNN's Hada Messia contributed to this report from Rome.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Pope Francis will visit Cuba on his way to the United States in September.
The Pope will stop in Cuba before his planned late September stops in Washington, New York and Philadelphia.
Francis, the first pope from Latin America, played a role in restarting diplomatic relations between Cuba and the United States.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 510, Total accepted tokens: 510, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)One of the biggest TV events of all time is being reimagined for new audiences. "Roots," the epic miniseries about an African-American slave and his descendants, had a staggering audience of over 100 million viewers back in 1977. Now A&E networks are remaking the miniseries, to air in 2016. A&E, Lifetime and History (formerly the History Channel) announced Thursday that the three networks would simulcast a remake of the saga of Kunta Kinte, an African who was captured, shipped to America and sold into slavery to work on a Virginia plantation. LeVar Burton, who portrayed Kinte in the original, will co-executive produce the new miniseries. A press release describes the new version as "original" and "contemporary" and will draw more from Alex Haley's classic novel, "Roots: The Saga of an American Family." Producers will consult scholars in African and African-American history for added authenticity. "We are proud to bring this saga to fans of the original, as well as to a new generation that will experience this powerful and poignant tale for the first time," said Dirk Hoogstra, History's executive vice president and general manager. "Audiences will once again feel the impact of Kunta Kinte's indomitable spirit." Executive producer Mark Wolper, son of the original's producer David L. Wolper, added, "Kunta Kinte began telling his story over 200 years ago and that story went through his family lineage, to Alex Haley, to my father, and now the mantle rests with me. Like Kunta Kinte fought to tell his story over and over again, so must we." The remade "Roots" will encounter a new generation of viewers who have witnessed Barack Obama make history as the nation's first African-American president and "12 Years a Slave" win the Oscar for Best Picture, but also widespread racial unrest over police treatment of black suspects in many U.S. cities. "My career began with 'Roots' and I am proud to be a part of this new adaptation," said Burton. "There is a huge audience of contemporary young Americans who do not know the story of 'Roots' or its importance."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Roots" is a miniseries about an African-American slave and his descendants.
The remake will be aired in 2016 on A&E, Lifetime and History.
LeVar Burton will co-executive produce the new miniseries.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 511, Total accepted tokens: 511, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The underwater search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size. Teams are scouring the depths of a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean for the remains of the passenger jet that disappeared more than a year ago with 239 people on board. So far, they've covered about 60% of the priority search zone without reporting any trace of the airliner. Families of passengers and crew members still have no answers about what happened to their loved ones. If the searchers haven't found anything by the time they've covered the entire 60,000-square-kilometer priority zone, the search will stretch into a new equally vast area, government officials from Malaysia, Australia and China announced Thursday. "Ministers remain committed to bring closure and some peace to the families and loved ones of those on board Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370," the three countries said in a joint statement. The search of the current priority zone is expected to be completed in May. Covering the new zone could take as long as a year. At that point, "all high probability search areas would have been covered," the governments said Thursday. The size of the doubled search area, the equivalent of more than 46,000 square miles, would be bigger than the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Flight 370 vanished after taking off from Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, on March 8, 2014, bound for Beijing. Officials are still trying to figure out why it veered dramatically off course over the sea between Malaysia and Vietnam and where exactly it ended up. An international team of experts used satellite data to calculate that the plane eventually went down in the southern Indian Ocean, far off the coast of Western Australia. The people on board the  Boeing 777 came from various nations, but the majority were Chinese. CNN's Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Search area for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 looks set to double in size.
Searchers have covered about 60 percent of the priority search zone.
Families of passengers and crew members still have no answers about what happened to their loved ones.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 512, Total accepted tokens: 512, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It's a girls' universe. On Wednesday, DC Entertainment, Warner Bros. and Mattel announced a partnership to launch DC Super Hero Girls, featuring familiar superheroes and supervillains as "relatable teens," according to a press release. (Like CNN, DC and Warner Bros. are units of Time Warner.) The characters involved include Wonder Woman, Supergirl, Batgirl, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy, among others. Though initial reaction on social media appeared favorable -- "My daughter will be a big fan I think," wrote NerdGallagher -- praise wasn't universal. "Just let us into the old universes!" tweeted Kathleen E. Kennedy. And Jenna Busch, writing for Legion of Leia, was concerned the initiative was another way of keeping girls separate. "Targeting them as 'for girls only' is just another way to be exclusive," she wrote. "Look, I appreciate the effort, but drawing yet another line between men and women is not the way to go. So, where are you going to put these products in Target? On the pink side of the toy section or the blue side?" DC Super Hero Girls is aimed at girls ages 6-12 and will include online content, toys, books and TV specials. Mattel is the toy licensee and Random House Books for Young Readers will publish books based on the franchise. The first elements will roll out in the fall.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: DC Super Hero Girls will be aimed at girls ages 6-12.
DC, Warner Bros. and Mattel announce partnership.
DC Super Hero Girls will include online content, toys, books and TV specials.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 513, Total accepted tokens: 513, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A white police officer claims he feared for his life and is justified in killing an unarmed black man. A police chief supports the police officer, who is ultimately exonerated, and a predominantly black community seethes with rage because it knows that an injustice was done. We've seen this movie before. Spoiler Alert: Cop gets away with it. Routine stops for walking in the middle of the street or driving with a broken taillight -- these should not result in anyone's death. But time and again it ends with a black man dead in the street and the community has no recourse. This time the stage was set in North Charleston, South Carolina, a city of about 100,000 people. Walter Scott was stopped by Officer Michael Slager for a broken taillight, and within minutes Scott was dead. According to the incident report, Slager said: "Shots fired, and the subject is down. He took my Taser." His attorney at the time, David Aylor, said that Slager "felt threatened and reached for his department-issued firearm and fired his weapon." But then came the video. We watched in horror as we saw Slager shoot Scott in the back multiple times. Then we saw Slager pick up something from one location and place it near Scott's lifeless body. On Tuesday, the officer was arrested on murder charges. North Charleston police Chief Eddie Driggers told reporters, "I have watched the video, and I was sickened by what I saw." Apparently so was Slager's attorney, who announced after the video was made public that he was no longer representing the officer. After the video became public, the officials in North Charleston deftly handled the situation. However, it was an easy case. There is no plausible evidence that Slager feared for his life when Scott is seen running away. In Ferguson, the video we have in the death of Michael Brown is of press conferences with police Chief Tom Jackson, who refused to release the police officer's name, but did release a video that appeared to show Michael Brown stealing cigars. We have the video of the military weapons deployed by the police in Ferguson that were trained on its residents and the press. The world seethed. North Charleston's police force is about 80% white, with a population of 47% black and 37% white in the city. Ferguson's police force is 94% white (only three of the 53 police officers are black), and the city is 67% black and 29% white. Both North Charleston and Ferguson have police forces that are not representative of the population they serve, yet because of a video North Charleston's police force got in front of the story. I'm not sure North Charleston gets here without learning something from the mistakes of Ferguson. I have heard many commentators say the North Charleston shooting doesn't have anything to do with race.  I don't buy it. I wonder how many whites in North Charleston with broken taillights get pulled over? Being pulled over for driving while black is a well-known phenomenon, which I discuss in my "Critical Race Theory" casebook. Racial profiling by Slager could have been the catalyst for Scott being pulled over in the first place. Yes, the North Charleston officials behaved differently than the officials in Ferguson. I don't think it's because race had nothing to do with it. It is that perhaps the North Charleston officials are better than those in Ferguson when it comes to racially charged situations -- especially given the instructive fallout from Brown's shooting. And, of course, the video. It remains to be seen whether Slager will be convicted of murder. Strange things can happen in a jury room. Recall how the Rodney King videotape allowed a Simi Valley, California, jury to acquit the Los Angeles police officers, but a federal jury later convicted the officers of violating King's civil rights. What a video proves can sometimes be in the eye of the beholder.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Officer Michael Slager says he feared for his life and is justified in killing unarmed black man.
Police chief says he was sickened by what he saw.
Police chief: "I have watched the video, and I was sickened by what I saw"
Police chief: Officer was arrested on murder charges.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 514, Total accepted tokens: 514, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A top al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula leader -- who a few years ago was in a U.S. detention facility -- was among five killed in an airstrike in Yemen, the terror group said, showing the organization is vulnerable even as Yemen appears close to civil war. Ibrahim al-Rubaish died Monday night in what AQAP's media wing, Al-Malahem Media, called a "crusader airstrike."  The Al-Malahem Media obituary characterized al-Rubaish as a religious scholar and combat commander. A Yemeni Defense Ministry official and two Yemeni national security officials not authorized to speak on record confirmed that al-Rubaish had been killed, but could not specify how he died. Al-Rubaish was once held by the U.S. government at its detention facility in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. In fact, he was among a number of detainees who sued the administration of then-President George W. Bush to challenge the legality of their confinement in Gitmo. He was eventually released as part of Saudi Arabia's program for rehabilitating jihadist terrorists, a program that U.S. Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Alabama, characterized as "a failure." In December 2009, Sessions listed al-Rubaish among those on the virtual " 'Who's Who' of al Qaeda terrorists on the Arabian peninsula ... who have either graduated or escaped from the program en route to terrorist acts." The United States has been active in Yemen, working closely with governments there to go after AQAP leaders like al-Rubaish. While it was not immediately clear how he died, drone strikes have killed many other members of the terrorist group. Yemen, however, has been in disarray since Houthi rebels began asserting themselves last year. The Shiite minority group even managed to take over the capital of Sanaa and, in January, force out Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi -- who had been a close U.S. ally in its anti-terror fight. Hadi still claims he is Yemen's legitimate leader, and he is working with a Saudi-led military coalition to target Houthis and supporters of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh. Meanwhile, Yemen has been awash in violence and chaos -- which in some ways has been good for groups such as AQAP. A prison break earlier this month freed 270 prisoners, including some senior AQAP figures, according to a senior Defense Ministry official, and the United States pulled the last of its special operations forces out of Yemen last month, which some say makes things easier for AQAP. CNN's Anas Hamdan and Merieme Arif contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Top al Qaeda leader killed in airstrike in Yemen.
Al Qaeda says it was "crusader airstrike" on Ibrahim al-Rubaish.
Al-Rubaish was held by U.S. government at Guantanamo Bay.
Al Qaeda has been active in Yemen, working closely with governments.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 515, Total accepted tokens: 515, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Sen. Elizabeth Warren insists she's not running for president. But her description of a 2016 "dream" presidential candidate sounds a lot like, well, her. Warren, during an appearance Friday on CNN's "New Day," said she wanted to see someone willing to fight for the middle class and "make Washington work for families again." Warren says she feels that Washington functions well for special interest groups and the well-connected but leaves out the rest of the nation. "(I've) spent my whole life studying what's happening to America's middle class and watching year by year, one blow after another," she said. "We live in an America now where the game is rigged, where Washington works really great for those who hire armies of lobbyists, armies of lawyers. It's just not working so well for the rest of America." Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, also got specific with her wish list, mentioning that a candidate willing to lower the interest rates on student loans and shore up Social Security would get high marks from her. What the economy means for 2016 . She wouldn't say which of the slew of declared or yet-to-declare candidates fit that bill, but she did want to give all of them a chance as the 2016 campaign kicks off. "I really want to give everybody who gets in this race a chance to get out there and put their agenda in front of us," she said. However, Warren said the two Republican candidates who have gotten into the race -- Texas Sen. Ted Cruz and Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul -- have already disqualified themselves in her eyes because of how they've voted in Congress. "I've watched them vote," Warren said. "They voted against the Social Security benefits increase. They voted against reducing the interest rate on student loans." Opinion: Can Democrats really take on Wall Street? Warren, a former special adviser for the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, is something of a political rock star in the eyes of many liberal and progressive voters because of her populist leanings and her passionate calls for an end to income inequality. Many of them want her to get into the race and become a viable challenger to Democratic frontrunner Hilary Clinton. When asked, yet again, if she was going to run, Warren didn't exactly say no. "I want to see who else gets in this race," she said. "And I want to see what the issues are that they push."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sen. Elizabeth Warren says she's not running for president.
She says she wants to see someone willing to fight for the middle class.
She says Washington functions well for special interest groups.
She says she's not ready to say which of the slew of declared or yet-to-declare candidates fit that bill.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 516, Total accepted tokens: 516, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Seven minutes after an Aurora, Colorado, theatergoer called 911 to report a massacre in progress, suspect James Holmes surrendered to police, a dozen dead bodies allegedly in his wake. On Monday, jurors will thoroughly examine those seven minutes in a trial that experts say could last months. The prosecution has said it will seek the death penalty. Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. Jurors will also be asked to consider events that occurred before and after the July 20, 2012, shooting -- namely, evidence that appears to show Holmes planned his attack, even going so far as to buy his movie ticket 12 days before, along with police allegations that officers who arrived to search Holmes' apartment had to navigate booby traps incorporating gasoline and grenades. According to police, Holmes attended the midnight showing of "The Dark Knight Rises" at the Century Aurora 16 Multiplex Theater but left through a rear door alongside the movie screen, propping it open behind him. Holmes returned in "head-to-toe protective gear," including a gas mask, about 18 minutes into the movie, police said, and threw two tear gas canisters into the theater before opening fire with an AR-15 rifle, a 12-gauge shotgun and at least one .40-caliber handgun. The attack killed 12 people and wounded another 70, a level of violence not seen in Colorado since the Columbine High School shooting. Five days later, authorities discovered a package in a University of Colorado-Denver mail room that police say Holmes apparently sent. Colorado authorities had no previous contact with Holmes, outside of a 2011 speeding summons, and he graduated in 2010 from the University of California, Riverside, with highest honors and a bachelor's degree in neuroscience. He enrolled as a doctoral candidate in the University of Colorado School of Medicine's neuroscience program in 2011 but dropped out the following year without providing a reason, according to a university spokeswoman. Holmes faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges, but there have already been some notable legal battles in the run-up to the actual trial. In March 2013, Holmes offered to plead guilty so he could avoid the death penalty, a deal the district attorney declined. A few months later, a judge ruled that Holmes had to be restrained during the trial, via a hidden harness anchored to the floor. The defense filed an objection, conceding that Holmes exacted the violence but blaming his actions on mental illness. "Mr. Holmes suffers from a severe mental illness and was in the throes of a psychotic episode when he committed the acts that resulted in the tragic loss of life and injuries sustained by movie goers on July 20, 2012," the motion said. Judge Carlos Samour last year ordered Holmes to submit to an additional sanity exam, saying that the previous test, conducted in 2013 at the Colorado Mental Health Institute at Pueblo, was "incomplete and inadequate." Jury selection began in January, and after a four-month process, 12 jurors and alternates, composed of 19 women and five men, were selected.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Seven minutes after theatergoer called 911, suspect James Holmes surrendered.
Holmes has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity.
Holmes attended midnight showing of "The Dark Knight Rises" at Century Aurora.
Holmes threw tear gas canisters into theater before opening fire with rifle, shotgun.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 517, Total accepted tokens: 517, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Launching rockets is a complicated thing. Landing them upright on a platform floating in the ocean? Well, that's never been done before. SpaceX, the private space exploration company founded by billionaire Elon Musk, hopes to give it a try. But weather forced it to scrub Monday's plan to launch. SpaceX said on Twitter that Tuesday at 4:10 p.m. ET will be the next opportunity for the company to launch a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon on a flight from Cape Canaveral, Florida, to the International Space Station. That will be the easy part. After the launch, SpaceX will try to guide the bottom stage of the rocket upright onto a platform, or what it calls an autonomous spaceport drone ship, in the Atlantic Ocean off Florida. Usually booster rockets burn up in Earth's atmosphere or, like NASA's space shuttle boosters, they fall back into the ocean. So why try to land one? Musk wants to cut costs. On his company's website, he says that if anyone can figure out how to "reuse rockets just like airplanes, the cost of access to space will be reduced by as much as a factor of a hundred." SpaceX tried to land a Falcon 9 on the drone ship in January, but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded. The company has previously said the odds of a successful landing are about 50%. If you want to see how it goes, it will post photos online throughout the mission and will put video on YouTube. And if the landing doesn't work? SpaceX says it will keep trying and, after it masters landing at sea, hopes to someday land rockets on the ground. What about the rest of the rocket and the Dragon? The smaller, top part of the rocket will carry the Dragon into orbit and then break away from the cargo ship and burn up in Earth's atmosphere. The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds (1,950 kilograms) of supplies, including research equipment and ISSpresso, an espresso maker that astronauts can use to make coffee and tea. The space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the Dragon. They'll then stuff it with over 3,000 pounds of science experiments, trash and other stuff to send back to Earth. When they're done, Dragon will leave the space station and mission controllers will guide it to splashdown in the Pacific Ocean off California. This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station. The company was the first private space contractor to dock with the station. CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: SpaceX hopes to launch a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft.
The rocket will launch from Cape Canaveral, Florida, to the International Space Station.
The rocket will land upright on a platform in the Atlantic Ocean off Florida.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 518, Total accepted tokens: 518, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Russian President Vladimir Putin shrugged off repeated questions about the impact of Western sanctions on his nation during a nationally broadcast annual Q&A session. "Sanctions are sanctions," he said. "As far as sanctions are concerned .... (they're) about the need to constrain our development," not just about Ukraine and Crimea. Western sanctions were implemented after Moscow annexed Crimea and pro-Russian separatists battled Ukrainian government forces in the nation's east. Putin predicted the sanctions would not end soon. On the Middle East, the Russian leader defended lifting a ban on the sale of a sophisticated air defense system to Iran. "We need to encourage our Iranian partners," Putin said, referring to a preliminary deal to limit Iran's nuclear program. Sanctions against Iran have had a dramatic impact on the nation's economy. On Israeli and Western fears that such a system would embolden Iran, Putin scoffed. "Iran is not a threat to Israel at all," he said. "It is a defense weapon." Putin's annual exercise is fascinating for ordinary Russians, who normally get him in closely managed doses on state-run television. These sessions are live and can go on and on. Last year, he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes. In 2013, it was a record-setting four hours and 47 minutes. Organizers said public interest was especially strong this year, with 2.4 million questions submitted. Of course, critics of the Kremlin slam the entire event as Russia's imitation of democracy in action. It's hard to imagine a truly critical question, they say, getting aired on national television there. In fact, it's best not to look at this event as an opportunity for Russians to question their leader at all. Instead, it is more like a highly produced, highly choreographed chance for their leader to speak to them, and to the world. Last year, there was a "surprise" appearance by NSA whistle-blower Edward Snowden, who was granted asylum in Russia. He addressed Putin by video link, quizzing Putin about Moscow's own surveillance practices.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Putin: Sanctions are sanctions, about need to constrain our development.
Putin: Iran is not a threat to Israel at all, he says.
Putin: Iran is a defense weapon.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 519, Total accepted tokens: 519, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A Lamborghini sports car crashed into a guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway on Sunday, killing a passenger, the Florida Highway Patrol said. The crash occurred at 3:30 p.m. at the Exotic Driving Experience, which bills itself as a chance to drive your dream car on a racetrack. The 36-year-old passenger, Gary Terry of Davenport, Florida, was pronounced dead at the scene, Florida Highway Patrol said. The driver, 24-year-old Tavon Watson of Kissimmee, Florida, lost control of the vehicle, the Highway Patrol said. He was hospitalized with minor injuries. Petty Holdings, which operates the Exotic Driving Experience at Walt Disney World Speedway, released a statement Sunday night about the crash. "On behalf of everyone in the organization, it is with a very heavy heart that we extend our deepest sympathies to those involved in today's tragic accident in Orlando," the company said. Petty Holdings also operates the Richard Petty Driving Experience -- a chance to drive or ride in NASCAR race cars named for the winningest driver in the sport's history. CNN's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Lamborghini sports car crashes into guardrail at Walt Disney World Speedway.
Passenger, Gary Terry, of Davenport, Florida, is pronounced dead at the scene.
Driver, 24-year-old Tavon Watson of Kissimmee, Florida, lost control of the vehicle.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 520, Total accepted tokens: 520, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Eighteen-month-old twins drowned after their mother tried to fend off a bee and let go of their stroller, which rolled into a canal, Arizona police said. Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons, Silas and Eli Keslar, along a canal Friday when she tried to repel a bee, police in Yuma said. "The stroller rolled away from her into the canal, with the boys belted in the seat," police said Monday. Keslar went into the canal and tried to rescue her sons, authorities said, but was hampered by the steep sides of the canal, the depth of the water and the force of the current. The current washed the stroller away. After Keslar got out of the canal, she called for help, police said. The irrigation district that manages the canal slowed the flow of water and reduced the water level to help emergency workers find the boys, authorities said. After more than an hour of searching, the toddlers were found and flown to a hospital, where they were pronounced dead. "No parent should ever have to lose a child, you know, let alone both of them at the same time," family friend Marlene Gleim told CNN affiliate KYMA. "That's what really, really is heartbreaking to me, because those little boys were, you know, meant so much to so many people." Authorities say the paths along Yuma canals are popular for joggers and bicyclists, but can be dangerous. "Many people typically do not comprehend how swift the current in these canals are and how deep the water can be," Yuma police said. "They also do not realize how difficult it is to climb back up many of the canal embankments."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Alexis Keslar was walking with her twin sons, Silas and Eli Keslar.
She tried to repel a bee, police in Yuma said.
The stroller rolled away from her into the canal, police said.
The current washed the stroller away.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 521, Total accepted tokens: 521, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)If that was a tornado, it was one monster of one. Luckily, so far it looks like no one was hurt. With tornadoes touching down near Dallas on Sunday, Ryan Shepard snapped a photo of a black cloud formation reaching down to the ground. He said it was a tornado. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say it looked half a mile wide. More like a mile, said Jamie Moore, head of emergency management in Johnson County, Texas. It could have been one the National Weather Service warned about in a tweet as severe thunderstorms drenched the area, causing street flooding. "To repeat--tornadoes (yes, two) likely W and E of Rio Vista. The one to the E of Rio Vista is a large, damaging tornado," the NWS tweeted. Luckily, it tore through countryside, and there have been no reports of deaths. But surveyors had not been out to check for damage or casualties overnight because the weather was so bad, Moore said. There are reports of damage -- including many roofs ripped off -- in Rio Vista and Grandview, both outliers of Fort Worth. On social media, images circulated of flipped 18-wheelers. Tempestuous clouds created dangerous, awe-inspiring funnels and disks as a front swept through. Residents reported hail the size of softballs and posted photos as proof.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: No injuries reported in Dallas.
Tornadoes touch down near Dallas on Sunday.
Tornadoes could have been severe thunderstorms.
Residents report damage, including many roofs ripped off.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 522, Total accepted tokens: 522, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Hong Kong (CNN)Four months after the end of the massive Occupy protests that clogged Hong Kong's streets in a bid for greater voting rights, another confrontation is heating up in the former British colony. The flashpoint? A controversial Beijing-backed election proposal tabled Wednesday that pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto, describing it as "ridiculous." In a speech before the city's legislature, Chief Secretary Carrie Lam said that if approved, the proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017. The catch, of course, is candidates would have to be approved by a mostly pro-China committee. Dissenting pro-democracy legislators wearing black marched from the chamber as soon as Lam's speech ended. Some legislators raised yellow umbrellas, a symbol of the Occupy movement. "Their fake universal suffrage is an insult to everybody's intelligence; that's why we refused to stay in the chamber." Hong Kong Democratic Party chairwoman Emily Lau told CNN. Lau said that she and other pro-democracy candidates would cast votes to ensure it does not become law. Hong Kong has become increasingly polarized over the last few years as the city fights over what kind of political system it should have as a Special Administrative Region of China. According to the agreement signed by the United Kingdom that returned the city to Chinese control in 1997, Hong Kong would receive 50 years of "high autonomy" under an arrangement called "One Country, Two Systems." Part of that deal included establishing an election system based on the principles of universal suffrage. But nearly eighteen years after the handover, the city continues to fight over what universal suffrage really means. Hong Kong's leaders argue its latest proposal fulfills the long-awaited promise of universal suffrage by giving each resident the right to cast a vote. All that's left is for the legislature to approve the proposal, and then everyone can go home happy, they say. Pro-democracy Hong Kongers beg to differ. "If it is a genuine election, people should be free to stand and people should be free to vote," said Lau. "Now all you have is a vote, and the candidates must be vetted by a committee consisting of business and political elites. It's horrendous. "To say the majority of Hong Kongers want to support this nonsensical package is a blatant lie.. If nothing is changed, we will definitely vote it down." To become law, the proposal must receive the support of two thirds of Hong Kong's 70 legislators. But Lau and 26 other pro-democracy legislators make up more than a third of the chamber, meaning they can veto the bill. If they do, then the city's electoral reform process will effectively return to square one. Hong Kong's leadership has warned pro-democracy legislators against the veto, saying the city might never again receive a chance for political reform. "We must strive for consensus," Lam told legislators. "We sincerely hope the pan-democrats abandon their passive attitude." But consensus seems unlikely. Hong Kong and Chinese leaders have repeatedly said there is no room for the proposal to change. In response, Lau and other pro-democracy legislators will launch a citywide campaign this weekend to rally public opinion against the proposal. And she did not rule out the possibility of a repeat of last year's massive street protests. "Should people decide to resort to civil disobedience again, its up to them," she said. "Whatever we do, our struggle must be peaceful, orderly, nonviolent. And we will do our best." Wayne Chang and CNN's Vivian Kam contributed reporting.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hong Kong's Chief Secretary Carrie Lam says if approved, proposal would give Hong Kongers the right to vote for their next leader in 2017.
Pro-democracy legislators have already sworn to veto the proposal.
Hong Kong has become increasingly polarized over what kind of political system it should have as a Special Administrative Region of China.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 523, Total accepted tokens: 523, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)This week, social media heralded as #motheroftheyear Toya Graham, the Baltimore single mom who pulled her son, who was holding a brick, away from the scene of a riot. A video of Graham yanking young Michael from a group of protesters -- and subsequently pummeling him with her fists and a few slaps upside the head -- went viral. Many called her a hero: a mother determined to stop the cycle of violence. And yet, wasn't she also promoting violence? Her own reaction, after all, was to yell, curse and hit. "Why is America celebrating the beating of a black child?" asked a writer at The Washington Post. Isn't violence at home what leads to violence outside the home? Isn't this why rioting happens? I'm not excusing violence in any form. I wish it didn't exist. But Baltimore isn't on fire because of mothers like Graham. In fact, what we need, not only in communities like Baltimore but also in communities around the country, are more mothers like her. Mothers who will do whatever it takes to protect their children and steer them through the increasingly tricky course of adolescence. I don't see Graham as an abusive mother spreading the gospel, or at least the inevitability, of violence. I don't see her as a hero, either. What I do see in Graham is a woman who is just like millions of other mothers of adolescents, mothers whose daily struggle is focused on guiding their kids in a positive direction while also helping them develop their own identities and independence. Mothers who know the anger and frustration that can result when they catch their teenager in a lie. As Graham told Anderson Cooper, she'd told Michael the night before not to join in any riots. He swore he wouldn't. But her momma bear sense kicked in, and when she heard that school was closing early, she didn't take the chance that he'd stick to his promise. She went to the site of the riots to make sure that she could help him stay the course. She went there so that she could help him keep his promise. And when she got there and saw he hadn't, as she suspected, she reacted in the way that she knew would, in that moment, be most effective to get him out of there. And that's the key here. It's easy to punish a teenager for acting out, just as it's easy to punish Graham for taking out her frustrations on Michael in a physical way. But Graham's actions are evidence of her commitment as a parent. For better or worse, she knows her son. And she knows her community, and her reality. She knows that she's the mother of an adolescent boy living in a city caught up in a very heated, violent moment. And she will do anything to protect her son, including put herself in a dangerous situation to pull him out of there. Can we all say that? Toya Graham raises an important point that's often missing in the discussions of how to curb violence: Moms have power. The world needs more momma bear types -- mothers who might be willing to put themselves between their child and certain danger. Mothers who are willing to defy the "expert" advice telling them that teenagers need the room to make mistakes; that hovering or even trying to anticipate their misbehavior only stunts their development and leads to more misbehavior. Now more than ever, there are exceptions to that rule. Those of us who live in communities that are generally safe can't imagine the level of fear and frustration that must run through the very core of a mother like Graham. We don't all face the same obstacles as the people who live in places like Baltimore. But we all face the same challenges in raising children. Perhaps it's time to recognize that, at least in that sense, we're more alike than we are different.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Baltimore mom Toya Graham is a hero for pulling her son away from riot.
Graham's actions are evidence of her commitment as a parent.
Graham's actions are evidence of her commitment as a parent.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 524, Total accepted tokens: 524, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Seoul, South Korea (CNN)Lee Min-bok didn't laugh once when he watched "The Interview."  The North Korean defector calls the Hollywood comedy "vulgar," admitting he couldn't even watch the whole film. Yet he is still sending thousands of copies across the border from South to North Korea in balloons, determined his people will see the movie in which the leader Kim Jong Un is assassinated on screen. "The regime hates this film because it shows Kim Jong Un as a man, not a God," says Lee. "He cries and is afraid like us and then he's assassinated." Kim is portrayed in the movie as a Katy Perry-loving, sensitive soul with daddy issues, clashing with the all-powerful image beamed out by Pyongyang's tightly controlled state media and propaganda machine. At 1 a.m., Lee makes a final check of the wind speed and direction, then heads towards the border with North Korea. He has company. The South Korean police and military drive closely behind. After Pyongyang fired on similar propaganda balloons recently, they are monitoring launches very closely. This irritates Lee. "We can help towards reunification with these balloons," says Lee. "It costs millions of dollars to buy a F-22 fighter jet which the South Korean government insist they need and that's not for peaceful purposes. So why do civilians like me have to do this under cover of darkness?" At 3 a.m., Lee fills the balloons with helium and ties the bundles of DVDs, dollar bills and political leaflets to the bottom. A timer is attached which will release the bundle once safely in North Korean territory. He has no way of knowing what will happen to the goods after that. He doesn't know if ordinary North Koreans will watch the movie and read the leaflets. The fact that Pyongyang acts with fury against these so-called propaganda balloons suggests some information is seeping through to the hermit kingdom. "If you tell the truth in North Korea, you die.  But by using these balloons from here, I can tell the truth in safety," Lee adds. The decision to launch the balloons in the dead of night is not just to avoid confrontation with North Korea, but also with South Korea's local residents. After Pyongyang fired on balloons last October and South Korea returned fire, those living close to the border have been trying to physically stop the launches, arguing they are being put in the line of fire. The chances of at least some North Koreans having watched the film that North Korea sees as "an act of terrorism" is certainly possible.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: North Korean defector Lee Min-bok sends thousands of copies of "The Interview"
Lee says he can help towards reunification with North Korea.
Lee says he doesn't know if ordinary North Koreans will watch the movie.
North Korea has been monitoring launches very closely.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 525, Total accepted tokens: 525, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A second individual has been charged with attempting to carry out an "ISIS-inspired" terror plot, Australian police say. Five young men were arrested Saturday in Melbourne, Australia, in what police called a major counterterrorism operation. Two of the teens, 18 and 19, have been released "pending further inquiries," Australia's Federal Police said. Sevdet Besim, 18, was charged with conspiring to commit a terrorist act, and was denied bail Saturday. The person charged Monday is accused of conspiring to commit acts done in preparation for, or planning, terrorist acts. The suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration in a week, Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Saturday. "The act that we believe was in preparation involved attacks against police officers," he said. There was also a risk to the public, police said. Police said the suspects were targeting a ceremony on Anzac Day (Australia and New Zealand Army Corps Day), which is April 25 and this year is the centennial of the Gallipoli Campaign in World War I. Abbott avoided the term ISIS -- or Islamic State -- to call out those who authorities believed influenced the suspects. He instead referred to the group as the "Daesh death cult," employing the acronym that is transliterated from the group's name in Arabic. It's a handle ISIS is known to loathe. Police also distanced the suspects from any ethnic connection. The men "are individuals acting by themselves. They are not representatives of any religious, cultural or national group," Victoria Police Acting Deputy Commissioner Shane Patton said. "I think the entire Australian community should be concerned about the young age of those particular men," Neil Gaughan, acting deputy commissioner of the Australian Federal Police, said. "And this is an issue not just with law enforcement, but for the broader community. ... We need to get better in relation to identifying young men and woman involved in this type of behavior, at the very early stage." CNN's Ralph Ellis and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police: Suspects planned to attack during a major national commemoration.
Police: Suspects were targeting a ceremony on Anzac Day.
Police: Suspects were targeting a ceremony on Anzac Day.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 526, Total accepted tokens: 526, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Kabul, Afghanistan (CNN)A suicide bomber detonated his explosives near a group of protesters in eastern Afghanistan on Thursday, killing 17 people and wounding dozens more, police said. An Afghan lawmaker taking part in the protests in the city of Khost was among the 64 people wounded, said Faizullah Ghairat, the provincial police chief. Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid denied his group was responsible for the attack. No other organization has so far claimed responsibility. Humayoon Humayoon, an Afghan member of parliament for Khost province, and the other protesters were on their way to join a larger rally against the provincial governor, according to Zahir Jan, an eyewitness. The suicide attack hit the group around 10 a.m. local time, police said. CNN's Masoud Popalzai reported from Kabul, and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong. CNN's Elizabeth Joseph contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: 17 killed, dozens wounded in suicide attack in eastern Afghanistan.
Taliban denies responsibility for attack.
Attack hit protesters on their way to join rally against provincial governor.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 527, Total accepted tokens: 527, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)By the time Kim Kardashian set out to "break the internet" in November last year, a photo by 23-year-old Conor McDonnell had already got there -- with a little help from Kim's music superstar husband Kanye West. McDonnell is the self-taught photography star behind Instagram's most liked photo, showing the couple's embrace at their May wedding, which has earned more than 2.4 milllion "likes" to date. The Liverpool native has had a breakneck rise to success since his first Instagram post in November 2011, snapping the likes of Drake, Justin Bieber,  One Direction, Mumford & Sons, Snoop Dogg, and Red Hot Chili Peppers, while traveling the world on private planes. Lasting relationships with stars Ellie Goulding and Rita Ora have followed, and candid snaps of the photographer's globetrotting, access-all-areas life have seen him accumulate over 25,000 followers on his personal account. Not bad for someone who told CNN Ones to Watch he started photography "by accident." Fresh from accompanying Calvin Harris on tour in South America, McDonnell shares his five top tips for anyone who wants to grow their Instagram fan base and take great photos on the go. From finding the right lighting, to which filter to chose: play the Instagram videos below to find out how to supercharge your pictures for social media success. "Good lighting for me makes a shot. If I'm taking a portrait of someone, I'd much prefer to use natural lighting than a light bulb or manufactured lighting!" "I make use of the rule of thirds quite a lot: if you imagine the screen split up in three thirds, you place the subject in one corner. There's a lot you can find about it on the internet." "There's a patch here of very bright light and just behind it there's dark. Trying to expose it right can be tricky but on the iPhone you can do it quite well just by tapping the screen and dragging the exposure up and down." "I'll upload a photo to an app called Snapseed, edit the brightness and contrast in that a little bit, export it. And then open in another app called VSCO Cam, which is my favorite app on my whole phone." "On VSCO Cam there's tons of filters, the one I use the most is probably "P5," then I can edit all sorts... And once I'm done I just export it and post it on Instagram." "I know photographers who use a lot of hashtags, and hashtags can work if you want to build up your follower base, because a lot more people will probably see a photo than if you didn't hashtag it."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Conor McDonnell is the self-taught photographer behind Instagram's most liked photo.
McDonnell has over 25,000 followers on his personal account.
McDonnell has snapped the likes of Drake, Justin Bieber, One Direction.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 528, Total accepted tokens: 528, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The Arizona police officer who slammed into an armed suspect with his patrol car told investigators he thought he was too far to take a shot at the man, so he chose the other option, CNN affiliate KVOA reported Wednesday. Officer Michael Rapiejko ran his car into Mario Valencia in February as the suspect carried a rifle he had just fired in the air. Rapiejko sped around another officer as Valencia walked through a business park, hit the man from behind with the left side of his front bumper. Valencia, who flew through this air, survived and faces more than a dozen charges for an alleged crime spree that day. His lawyer has said police used excessive force and could have killed a man who was obviously unstable. The Marana Police Department has defended Rapiejko, saying deadly force was warranted because the suspect had a rifle, ammunition and was walking toward offices where hundreds of people work. Marana is just northwest of Tucson. Officer who drove into suspect justified, chief says . KVOA obtained police inquiry tapes on which Rapiejko tells investigators why he chose his car as a weapon. The officer, who has been a cop for more than a decade but joined the Marana Police Department in 2014, said he was 50 yards away from the suspect and worried a missed shot might hit another officer or bystanders. "There were occupied businesses, and there were two officers at the other side of the street," he says on the recording. "This is what I deem as a lethal force encounter. I have two thoughts that go in my mind: I need to shoot him to stop the threat, or I need to run him over to stop the threat." Another officer, who was slowing trailing Valencia and ahead of Rapiejko, says on another recording that if a civilian had stumbled upon Valencia, the suspect might have taken a hostage or killed the person. Video of the car striking Valencia sparking nationwide debate on what type of force police should use to go after armed suspects. Many people commended the officer. Some people said the police should have set up a perimeter around the man and talked him into surrendering. Valencia faces 15 charges, including three counts of aggravated assault, three counts of armed robbery and possession of a deadly weapon by a prohibited possessor. Valencia's attorney, Michelle Cohen-Metzger, told CNN last week that "it is miraculous that my client isn't dead." Valencia, who is in Pima County Jail, is scheduled to appear in court again on May 18. Authorities chose not to charge Rapiejko. Officer who drove into suspect subject of excessive force lawsuit in New York . CNN's Shane Deitert and Tony Marco contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police officer Michael Rapiejko says he thought he was too far to take a shot.
Officer says he ran his car into suspect Mario Valencia in February.
Officer says he was 50 yards away from the suspect and worried a missed shot might hit another officer or bystanders.
Officer says he had two options: shoot suspect or run him over to stop the threat.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 529, Total accepted tokens: 529, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: London (CNN)If you're hunting for the earliest galaxies and clues about potential life on other planets you are going to need a very big mirror and a golf ball of gold. They are both necessary for the construction of The James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), intended as the successor to the Hubble instrument that has been operating in space for 25 years. It's going to be a tough act to follow. Hubble has returned spectacular images during the past quarter century but also helped scientists discover that almost every galaxy has a massive black hole at its heart and that the expansion of the universe is speeding up. But there are limits to how far it can see. Now scientists are working on an alternative way to peer into the past and search space for signs of life with JWST -- scheduled to launch in October 2018 on an Ariane 5 rocket from French Guiana. NASA spokesperson Lynn Chandler told CNN that the mission was like opening up the curtains on the universe and peering inside. "Hubble rewrote the text books and we're planning to rewrite the text books again," she said. "JWST will answer the questions which at the moment we can't think to ask." The Webb telescope is a big probe. Hubble is about the size of a school bus but JWST is as big as a tennis court. There isn't a rocket currently capable of carrying that so as Chandler explained: "It has to be folded up like a flower and then unfurled like a transformer." Named after James E. Webb, a former NASA leader, JWST is being designed to study the first stars and galaxies that formed in the early universe. NASA says that to see these objects the telescope will have to detect objects which are 10 to 100 times fainter than Hubble can currently see. Instead of studying visible and ultraviolet light like Hubble, the JWST will work in the infra-red spectrum, allowing scientists to detect more distant targets. The new telescope requires a huge mirror of 25 square meters (about 270 square feet) -- and a golf ball of gold (about 48 grams or 1.7 ounces) to optimize it for infra-red light. It is then coated with glass. But technology like this doesn't come cheap. According to NASA, the mission, which is in collaboration with the European Space Agency (ESA) and the Canadian Space Agency (CSA) and involves a total of 14 countries, will cost $8.5 billion. NASA says that the project has four main goals -- namely, to search for the first galaxies formed after the Big Bang, find out how galaxies evolved, observe the birth of stars and planets and investigate the potential for life on other planets . Scientists hope the telescope will be able to tell us more about objects that formed 13 billion years ago -- about 700-800 million years after the Big Bang. But closer to home, scientists also believe the new telescope will able to detect planets around nearby stars. NASA says JWST should be able to operate for between five and 10 years, restricted only by the amount of fuel it has to maintain orbit and the ability of the electronics to stand up to the harsh space environment. Opinion: Why astronomy counts on Earth .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: James Webb Space Telescope is scheduled to launch in October 2018.
It will be a successor to the Hubble telescope.
The telescope will be able to detect objects 10 to 100 times fainter than Hubble can see.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 530, Total accepted tokens: 530, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It would have made Thomas Jefferson proud. Established on the birthday of the American founding father, Liberland -- the world's newest micronation -- is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be. A tiny, 7 square-kilometer parcel of land, marked on maps as Gornja Siga, its territory abuts the Danube on the border between Serbia and Croatia. The victim of a border dispute between Serbia and Croatia, it is claimed by neither side -- effectively a no-man's land. No one lives on this patch of land, which is heavily forested and contains only badly-maintained access roads and a run-down house, abandoned for decades. This is where Euroskeptic Czech politician Vit Jedlicka stepped in. On April 13 he planted his newly-designed yellow and black flag in the territory, declaring the area the Free Republic of Liberland -- a tiny sliver of a country, bigger only than the Vatican and Monaco. He tells CNN that the country will be formally founded on May 1 and is inviting, through the media, the world's heads of state to attend a formal ceremony marking the presumptive nation's birth. He says that he will also invite 7,500 of the 300,000 applicants that applied to become citizens of Liberland to the ceremony, where he will grant them citizenship. "I will grant citizenship if they can make it to the party," he told CNN by phone. "It's short notice but a good challenge, and also for  the presidents (and other heads of state) if they can make it to the founding of our country." Jedlicka, an active member of the Czech Republic's Party of Free Citizens, opposes excessive government interference. He says his attempts to enact change in his home country led him to the political experiment that is Liberland. "I would describe it as a global revolution. It's just the beginning," he tells CNN via Skype. Founded on staunchly libertarian principles -- its motto is "To live and let live" -- its website describes its system of governance as being a "constitutional republic with elements of direct democracy." It will use a form of cryptocurrency -- similar to Bitcoin -- as its national currency, bypassing the need for a central bank and will, according to its constitution, keep government's noses out of everything possible, from the banks to prostitution. "Liberland prides itself on personal and economic freedom of its people, which is guaranteed by the Constitution, which significantly limits the power of politicians so they could not interfere too much in the freedoms of the Liberland nation," the world's newest constitutional document states. Financial regulation will be minimal, if at all present. Jedlicka says almost 300,000 applications for citizenship have been received, about 20 of which have been accepted. "Thousands of Americans, Swiss people. Also a lot of Arabic peoples who feel oppressed by the regimes there." He envisions, ultimately, a community of around 35,000 Liberlanders, not all of whom will be full-time residents. He says he expects trouble from his neighbors, whose land he has effectively annexed. "From Serbia, Croatia, we expect some trouble but we expect international laws will applied and any movement against us would be an attack on a sovereign nation, and we will offer nothing but passive resistance. For now, (though) we will make roads, docks." For its part, the Serbian Ministry of Foreign Affairs released a statement to CNN that stated that Liberland would not theoretically impinge upon its border, which is delineated by the Danube, but "the Ministry also considers this a frivolous act which needs no further comment." Croatia's counterpart was similarly dismissive. "Virtual quips, however interesting they occasionally sound, remain what they are -- virtual quips, and for them we have no official comment."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Liberland is founded on a firm belief in liberty and noninterference from the powers-that-be.
The victim of a border dispute between Serbia and Croatia, it is claimed by neither side.
No one lives on this patch of land, which is heavily forested and contains only badly-maintained access roads.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 531, Total accepted tokens: 531, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)They were huddled in the back of a tugboat. Some were without shoes. Their coats and jackets, still wet, were piled up in a huge container behind them. The 117 migrants, mostly from sub-Saharan Africa, arrived in the port of Augusta, Sicily, around 1p.m. Tuesday, after being picked up by the tugboat off the coast of Libya. The two boats they had been in were barely seaworthy, the tug's Montenegrin captain told me. The discarded coats, he said, would be thrown away. We had flown to Sicily from Rome following news that as many as 400 migrants had been lost at sea. The tragedy adds to the mounting death toll among those fleeing war and poverty in Africa and the Middle East. So far this year as many as 900 have lost their lives. Last year at least 3,200 died making the journey. Since 2000, according to the International Organization for Migration (IOM), almost 22,000 people have died fleeing across the Mediterranean. Thousands may have died, but even more have succeeded in making the treacherous journey. This small group in Augusta were among nearly 10,000 migrants who have arrived on Italian shores since the weekend, according to the Italian Coast Guard. With the onset of spring and calmer seas, it appears that the flow of migrants is not relenting. The group, which included 31 women, was composed mostly of Nigerians and Gambians. As they filed off the boat, representatives of the Italian Red Cross did a quick visual inspection, checking for fever, scabies, any sign of illness. One woman, they discovered, was two months pregnant. Timothy, in his mid-20s from Nigeria, told me he left his home nine months ago. He paid human traffickers in Tripoli 1,000 Libyan dinars, more than $700, for the voyage. For him, it's a fortune. I asked 28-year-old Jibril, from Gambia, why he had left his home. "It's not like in Europe," he told me. "After 20, 25 years, you have to make a future for yourself. But in Gambia, I couldn't. My family, they don't have nothing. They are poor people." Mercy, from Kano in northern Nigeria, seemed shell-shocked. In a faint voice she told me she had left Kano because her family feared she that would be taken by Boko Haram. "I was scared," 25-year-old Al-Haji from Gambia told me about the journey from Libya. "I was taking a big risk. Either I enter Europe or I die." Another man, from Liberia, told me he had lived and worked in Libya for 15 years, but was terrified at the prospect of ISIS gaining even more territory. An Egyptian translator working for the Italian police told me they had information that a large group of Syrians were gathered in a Tripoli warehouse, and were expected to make the journey to Italy in the coming days. It seems that all the victims of the multiple tragedies and woes of Africa and the Middle East -- grinding poverty, war and the rise of ISIS -- are washing up on the shores of Italy. The wars, unrest, upheaval, misery and injustice I've covered over the last 20 years, in Syria, in Libya, in West Africa and elsewhere, seem to be coming together to remind those who have enjoyed Europe's relative peace and prosperity that no man is an island. The small group of migrants in Augusta has been taken in by the Italian authorities. They've been fed, clothed, received medical treatment, and will be taken to migrant camp in northern Italy. Most will then try move further north, to countries like France, Belgium, the Netherlands and the UK, where economic opportunities are better than in austerity-wracked Italy. Others will stay in Italy, trying to eke out a living in the twilight economy as street vendors and beggars. And as they settle in, somehow or other, more and more will come to Italy's shores.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: 117 migrants from sub-Saharan Africa arrive in port of Augusta, Sicily.
They are mostly from Nigeria and Gambia, and include 31 women.
The migrants are being taken in by the Italian authorities.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 532, Total accepted tokens: 532, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)He's been part of a wildly popular superhero team since its very beginning. But there's something we never knew about Bobby Drake, aka Iceman of the X-Men. Wednesday's issue of "All-New X-Men" No. 40 reveals the truth: Bobby is gay. "There are thousands if not millions of stories of people who, for many different reasons, felt the need to hide their sexuality," Brian Michael Bendis, who wrote the issue, said in a statement to CNN. "The X-Men, with the conceit of time travel, give us a fascinating platform in which to examine such personal journeys. This is just the first little chapter of a much larger story that will be told." Iceman's outing happens in an unusual manner. In the "All-New X-Men" storyline, members of the X-Men team travel to the past, as younger versions of themselves. Mind-reading mutant Jean Grey (also an X-Men original) asks Bobby why he calls women "hot," when she knows he is gay. In comic book pages provided to CNN, Bobby doesn't immediately acknowledge that she is telling the truth. The character of Iceman is perhaps best known for his appearances in many of the "X-Men" films, as well as the 1981 animated series "Spider-Man and His Amazing Friends." The "X-Men" series of comics have long been progressive in terms of diversity, with a black female character, Storm, appearing in the 1970s, and the first gay mainstream comic book character, Northstar (who later married in the pages). DC Comics has also had prominent gay characters in recent years, like Batwoman and the original Green Lantern of Earth 2. Catwoman recently came out as bisexual, and Harley Quinn is portrayed that way as well. Bendis further shared his thoughts on Twitter about the attention surrounding the story when it leaked on Tuesday: "i swear on my dogs, i wanted the issue to come out and just be. no press. no sensational headlines. no leaks. oh, well..."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "All-New X-Men" No. 40 reveals the truth: Bobby is gay.
Iceman's outing happens in an unusual manner.
In the "All-New X-Men" storyline, members of the X-Men team travel to the past.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 533, Total accepted tokens: 533, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Discovery of the body of a young girl who may have been dead for weeks has led to the arrest of her teen sister -- herself a mother -- and a search for the girls' parents, who may be in California with five other children, police in North Las Vegas, Nevada, said. The investigation began Wednesday when the 4-month-old infant of the 17-year-old was taken to Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center in suburban Las Vegas, authorities said. Police arrested the teen mother on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm. She was taken to a juvenile facility. Police department spokesman Aaron Patty told CNN affiliate KVVU that the "infant did not receive the proper care and nourishment that she needed at the time, which is what led to the arrest of the 17-year-old." A day later, a search warrant was served at the family's home. That's when police found the body of the 3-year-old girl, who had apparently been dead "for at least a few weeks," according to police. The teen mother was then arrested on one count of child abuse with death in connection with her younger sister's death, according to a police statement. The parents left the home several months ago with the other five children, ranging in age from 1 to 9 years old, but, according to Patty, "they left the 3-year-old child and the 17-year-old sister at the residence alone." Authorities are seeking the parents, 39-year-old Jondrew Lachaux and 38-year-old Kellie Phillips. Police say the five children with them may be in danger. "We believe that they went to California at some time and may have gone back and forth during this multiple month process when they left," Patty said. No Amber Alert was issued, according to police, because the 4-month-old did not die. Lachaux and Phillips, who are the child's grandparents, are being sought for questioning. "We are asking for the assistance of the public in locating these two individuals," said Patty. "We believe they can answer many questions on what led up to the death of this child." The 4-month-old infant was last reported to be hospitalized in critical condition. Her mother's name was not disclosed.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police arrest teen mother on one count of child abuse with substantial bodily harm.
Teen mother was taken to hospital after 4-month-old infant was found dead.
Police say the 17-year-old may have been in California with five other children.
Thput (tok/s): 34.03 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 534, Total accepted tokens: 534, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ol Pejeta Conservancy, Kenya (CNN)At first glance, Sudan looks like any other northern white rhino: stout and agile, with square lips. He grazes under the hot sun, his massive head lowered to the ground,  at  the Ol Pejeta Conservancy in central Kenya. When he's not wallowing in his enclosure, he waddles around the sprawling savannah, stopping briefly to drink water from a concrete hole. But Sudan is not just any rhino. He's the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world. For an animal on the verge of extinction, the fate of the subspecies rests on his ability to conceive with the two female northern white rhinos at the conservancy. Sudan's female companions,  Fatu and Najin, live at the conservancy, where experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct. The animals are under 24-hour protection by armed guards. Rhinos are targeted by poachers, fueled by the belief in Asia that their horns cure various ailments. Experts say the rhino horn is becoming more lucrative than drugs. In addition to round-the-clock security, the conservancy has put radio transmitters on the animals and dispatches incognito rangers into neighboring communities to gather intelligence on poaching. The conservancy is also raising funds to help equip and train rangers who guard the rhinos. At 42, Sudan is elderly in rhino years. Fatu, 15, is a spring chicken, while Najin is 25. Though the three northern white rhinos are physiologically healthy, age might be a factor, says George Paul, the deputy veterinarian at the conservancy. "Sudan is currently old and may not be able to naturally mount and mate with a female," he says. In addition, he has a low sperm count, which complicates natural and scientific efforts, experts say. Najin could conceive, but her hind legs are so weak, she may be unable to support a mounted male. "There has been recorded mating between different pairs over the last few years, but not conceptions," Paul says. "Based on  a recent health examination conducted, both animals have a regular estrus cycle, but no conception has been recorded." And if one is not recorded soon, the beloved animal will go extinct. Rhinos on a plane: Life-saving mission across borders . In a race against time, international experts are resorting to science to try to sustain the subspecies. The northern white rhino cannot mate with a black rhino, but there is a chance it could mate with a southern white rhino, Paul says. While southern white rhinos are not endangered --  Ol Pejeta has 19 -- they are a different subspecies  from the northern white rhino genetically. Though the offspring would not be 100% northern white rhino, it would be better than nothing, experts say. A committee at the conservancy is also looking at various alternative reproduction techniques, including in vitro fertilization. "In other countries, success has been achieved with embryo transfer in a different rhino species, thus that, as a technique, can be presupposed to be the most promising," Paul says. "However, consultations are ongoing amongst different reproductive technique experts on the way forward." Bringing rhinos back to Uganda, one calf at a time . The need to preserve the northern white rhino is dire. "Realistically, we are looking at these animals dying in the next decade or so. But hopefully, using artificial methods of reproduction, we might be able to bring them back in the future," Paul says. "This might mean that it will happen when the current animals are already deceased, but it could happen." The conservancy acquired the northern white rhinos --  two males and two females -- in 2009 from a zoo in the Czech Republic. Suni, the other male northern white rhino at the conservancy, died last year. In another incident, another male, Angalifu, died at the San Diego Zoo last year, bringing the subspecies closer to extinction. There are no known northern white rhinos left in the wild. A total of five remain in captivity worldwide: three in Kenya,  and one each at zoos in San Diego and the Czech Republic. But Sudan, a male, is in a company of one. 11 wildlife experiences that could vanish in your lifetime .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sudan is the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world.
He's the last known male northern white rhino left in the entire world.
Sudan's female companions,  Fatu and Najin, live at the conservancy.
Experts are scrambling to ensure the subspecies does not go extinct.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 535, Total accepted tokens: 535, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Delhi (CNN)An international human rights group is calling for an independent investigation of the killings by police of 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers in southeastern India. "There must be a criminal investigation to determine whether the police used excessive force, and whether the killings amount to 'fake encounters,' or staged extrajudicial executions", said Abhirr Vp, of Amnesty International India. "The police are not above the law, and must not be treated like they are." Those responsible should be brought to justice, according to Amnesty. "Lethal force should not be used except when strictly unavoidable in order to protect life," Vp said. A police official, Deputy Inspector General Kantha Rao, declined comment Wednesday, saying an "investigation is still going on." The incident in question took place early Tuesday in India's southeastern Andhra Pradesh state. Forest officials near the town of Tirupati spotted hundreds of smugglers cutting trees for red sandalwood, Rao said Tuesday. The forest officials, who were unarmed, called for police. "We saw several trees chopped down," Rao said said. "These guys came prepared and were heavily armed." Rao said that the ensuing gun battle lasted more than three hours and 20 smugglers were shot. Many of them came from the neighboring state of Tamil Nadu, he said. Amnesty International said the police were claiming self-defense, alleging the suspects attacked them with stone and axes. "However, no police official was injured," the  Amnesty statement said. "Most of the suspected smugglers were shot in the back." According to Amnesty, India's National Human Rights Commission has said the incident "involved a serious violation of human rights of the individuals," and that "the opening of firing cannot be justified on the ground of self defense since it resulted in the loss of lives of 20 persons." The commission has asked senior government and police officials to explain the actions of the police and forest officials within two weeks, Amnesty said. Police said sandalwood smuggling is common in the area. Local media are reporting that politicians from Tamil Nadu have lodged a protest against the Andhra Pradesh government, saying the alleged smugglers were murdered in cold blood. Kunal Sehgal in Delhi contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Amnesty International calls for an independent investigation of the killings.
Police say they used excessive force, staged extrajudicial executions.
Police: 20 suspected red sandalwood smugglers were shot in Andhra Pradesh.
Police: Sandalwood smuggling is common in the area.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 536, Total accepted tokens: 536, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)To allay possible concerns, Boston prosecutors released video Friday of the shooting of a police officer last month that resulted in the killing of the gunman. The officer wounded, John Moynihan, is white. Angelo West, the gunman shot to death by officers, was black. After the shooting, community leaders in the predominantly African-American neighborhood of Roxbury, where the shooting occurred, were quick to call for calm. One said the officers were forced to return fire. Still, they were glad to see the video released for the sake of transparency. "I think people understand that the decisions Mr. West made put his life in grave jeopardy," clergyman Mark V. Scott told CNN affiliate WCVB. West had several prior gun convictions, police said. Moynihan is a former U.S. Army Ranger who was honored at the White House for his heroism in the wake of the Boston Marathon bombing. The "Top Cop" helped save a transit officer wounded in a gunbattle with the bombers. Last month, he became a gunshot victim when he and other officers in unmarked cars, but with blue lights flashing, stopped the car West was driving. When Moynihan opened the driver's-side door, the video shows, West sprang out and fired a shot with a pistol at the officer's face. As West ran away, he fired back at the other officers with his .357 Magnum handgun, police said. They returned fire and killed him. Moynihan, 34, survived with a bullet wound under one eye. He was placed in a medically induced coma at a Boston hospital. On Saturday, Moynihan was released from the hospital. "His condition is best described as serious but improving," Boston police said in a statement. "In the days after the shooting, John and his family have been strengthened, humbled and inspired by the outpouring of love and support they've received -- not only from his closest friends and fellow officers -- but also from concerned citizens and strangers from all over the country wishing him a full and speedy recovery." A woman who was driving by at the time of the shooting suffered a flesh wound in the right arm. She was not identified. Two passengers in the car were arrested on unrelated charges involving an outstanding warrant and a probation violation. "None of our officers like to use their firearms,"  Police Commissioner William Evans said at the time. "It's probably the worst thing we have to do in our profession, but here, clearly unprovoked, one of our officers is shot point-blank in the face." In April 2013, Moynihan was among officers who helped save transit officer Richard H. Donohue Jr., who was shot during a gunfight involving Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in the days after the marathon bombings. In the battle, police fired nearly 300 rounds within five to 10 minutes. Moynihan and other Massachusetts officers were cited for their "heroic and relentless" life-saving measures on Donohue, who nearly lost his entire blood volume on the Watertown street. At a White House ceremony in May, President Barack Obama honored Moynihan and 52 other officers as "America's Top Cops." After Moynihan was wounded and West killed, police and and local leaders sought to allay community concerns at a time when officer-involved shootings have led to protests throughout the nation. Scott, of the Black Ministerial Alliance of Greater Boston, said Moynihan was shot "assassination-style." He called for calm in Roxbury. "This is not about 'Black Lives Matter,' " he said, referring to a protest movement that emerged after the shootings. "It's about 'All Lives in the Community Matter,' and it's about the police ... responding to a concern from the community." CNN's Ann O'Neill contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Boston police release video of the shooting of a police officer last month.
The officer wounded, John Moynihan, is white.
The gunman shot to death by officers, Angelo West, was black.
Moynihan is a former U.S. Army Ranger who was honored at the White House.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 537, Total accepted tokens: 537, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Rome (CNN)Muslims who were among migrants trying to get from Libya to Italy in a boat this week threw 12 fellow passengers overboard -- killing them -- because the 12 were Christians, Italian police said Thursday. Italian authorities have arrested 15 people on suspicion of murdering the Christians at sea, police in Palermo, Sicily, said. Why migrants are dying to get to Italy . The original group of 105 people left Libya on Tuesday in a rubber boat. Sometime during the trip north across the Mediterranean Sea, the alleged assailants -- Muslims from the Ivory Coast, Mali and Senegal -- threw the 12 overboard, police said. Other people on the voyage told police that they themselves were spared "because they strongly opposed the drowning attempt and formed a human chain," Palermo police said. The boat was intercepted by an Italian navy vessel, which transferred the passengers to a Panamanian-flagged ship. That ship docked in Palermo on Wednesday, after which the arrests were made, police said. 'I enter Europe or I die': Desperate migrants rescued this week off Italy . The 12 who died were from Nigeria and Ghana, police said. Thousands of people each year make the dangerous sea journey from North Africa to Europe's Mediterranean coast, often aboard vessels poorly equipped for the trip. Many of them attempt the voyage to flee war and poverty in Africa and the Middle East. More than 10,000 people have arrived on Italian shores from Libya since last weekend alone, according to the Italian coast guard. Many die each year while attempting the voyage, often when boats capsized. Last year at least 3,200 died trying to make the trip. Since 2000, according to the International Organization for Migration, almost 22,000 people have died fleeing across the Mediterranean. The IOM reported Thursday the latest boat to sink in trying to make the journey. Only four people survived from the original 45 on board, bringing the estimated death toll so far this year close to a thousand. CNN's Hada Messia reported from Rome, and CNN's Livia Borghese reported from Augusta, Sicily. CNN's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta. CNN's Ben Wedeman contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: 15 people arrested on suspicion of murdering the Christians at sea.
NEW: Muslims from the Ivory Coast, Mali and Senegal threw the 12 overboard.
The 12 who died were from Nigeria and Ghana, police said.
Thousands of people each year make the dangerous sea journey from North Africa to Europe's Mediterranean coast.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 538, Total accepted tokens: 538, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The accidental death of a 2-year-old boy in Milwaukee on Sunday triggered a violent chain of events, eventually claiming the lives of three more people. It all started with a birthday party that little Damani Terry was attending. During the family gathering, he dashed out into the street and was struck and killed by a GMC van, according to Milwaukee police. The distraught driver, Archie Brown Jr., 40, immediately stopped and got out to tend to the boy. But it was too late, police said. Damani was dead. Damani's alarmed family came running, including his older brother, 15-year-old Rasheed Chiles, police said. That was not the end of the situation. Soon, two more people would also die: the driver and the teen were both felled by bullets fired by the same man, police said. That man, identified as Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, was located late Wednesday at a Chicago-area hotel. He committed suicide as authorities closed in with a warrant for his arrest, Milwaukee Police Chief Ed Flynn told reporters. "Chicago police and United States Marshals Service entered the hotel room, whereupon Mr. Chiles took his own life with his firearm," the police chief said Thursday. An accidental death, a fatal retaliation rips apart two families . Damani's family members had previously identified the shooting suspect as the boys' uncle. "Sunday was the worst day I ever lived in my whole entire life," Lena Tidwell, told CNN affiliate WISN. "It's a day I wish had never, never came." Tidwell is the boys' grandmother and the mother of the alleged gunman. She said she was inside eating cake and ice cream at the birthday when her life turned upside down. "I didn't know my grandbaby got hit, and then I heard people just screaming," she said. "Then I just heard gunshots, and my daughter ran in the house with the baby in her arms." The family believes the uncle targeted Brown, and Rasheed was struck by an errant bullet. "I heard he was trying to pick his brother up. He was trying to hold him and save him," a family friend, Stephanie Townsend, told CNN affiliate WITI. Earlier this week, Flynn bemoaned the apparent madness of what happened. "What did we have Sunday?" Flynn asked. "We had some clown take the law into his own hands and murder a guy who was doing what we expect good citizens to do, and oops, accidentally kill somebody else."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: 2-year-old boy killed in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, on Sunday.
His family members, including his older brother, rush to help.
The boy's uncle, identified as Ricky Ricardo Chiles III, was found dead in Chicago.
Chiles was found at a Chicago-area hotel, where he committed suicide.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 539, Total accepted tokens: 539, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The Arizona police officer who intentionally slammed his car into an armed suspect previously faced an excessive force lawsuit in New York, according to court documents. Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006. Two years after he left, he was one of the defendants in a suit filed by a man who alleged that Rapiejko pointed a gun and threatened to shoot him and handcuffed and choked him in front of his family during a 2005 arrest. The lawsuit said Luis Colon had parked his car and gotten out when Rapiejko, with his gun aimed at Colon, ordered him back into the car. During his arrest on charges of obstructing governmental administration, disorderly conduct and resisting arrest, Colon alleged he was yanked from the car, handcuffed and choked. The charges against Colon were dropped six months later. Colon also sued two unnamed officers who arrived after the initial confrontation, court documents show. Colon and the city settled the suit for $20,000. The settlement said the defendants were not admitting to any wrongdoing . Rapiejko had resigned voluntarily in 2006, and there is no indication of any disciplinary action against him from the NYPD, a senior law enforcement official told CNN. The NYPD has said that it will not release further details about Rapiejko. Rapiejko's actions in Marana, Arizona, in which he drove his patrol car into a man who had fired a rifle in the air minutes earlier and before that had pointed the gun at another officer, have stirred debate about what type of force police should have used. Authorities said no charges have been brought against the officer for the February incident. The suspect, 36-year-old Mario Valencia, survived and was hospitalized before being criminally charged. Marana police Chief Terry Rozema was asked Wednesday on CNN's "New Day" whether police were fortunate that Valencia didn't die. "That very well may be ... that it's luck that he is still alive. The fact of the matter remains, though, deadly force was authorized," Rozema said. "So if he ends up dying in that situation, (then) he ends up dying, and that's unfortunate, (but) that's not the desire of everybody," the chief added. In one of the dashcam videos, an officer who was tailing a walking Valencia at slow speed reports over the radio that the suspect has fired one round in the air with a rifle he is accused of stealing that morning from a nearby Walmart. Another patrol car zooms past, runs into the man from behind, then hits a short cinder block wall next to a driveway. Video from Rapiejko's camera shows the officer's vehicle running into Valencia, with the windshield smashing as the car hits the wall. Police in Marana justified Rapiejko's actions. "We don't know that if (Rapiejko) lets him go for another 10 seconds, (Valencia) doesn't take somebody out in the parking lot," Rozema said. "And then we're answering some completely different questions: 'Why didn't you act sooner? ... This guy had a gun ... Why didn't you stop this guy before he shot my wife, before he shot my husband, before he shot my child?' " Valencia's attorney, Michelle Cohen-Metzger, told CNN on Tuesday that "it is miraculous that my client isn't dead." "Everything in the video seems to point towards an obvious excessive use of force," Cohen-Metzger said. Tucson Police Sgt. Pete Dugan told CNN that Valencia was involved in several crimes there the day he was struck, including a stealing a car that he drove a half hour north to Marana. Valencia faces 15 charges, including three counts of aggravated assault, three counts of armed robbery and possession of a deadly weapon by a prohibited possessor. Cohen-Metzger said he had a prior record. His next court appearance is May 18. He is in the Pima County Jail. Marana police on Thursday told CNN's Miguel Marquez that a store gun lock was still on the rifle when it was recovered. The wire that goes through the trigger and the lever to reload the gun were loose enough to allow it to still be used, police said. CNN's Tony Marco, Jason Hanna and Dominique Debucquoy-Dodley contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Officer Michael Rapiejko was with the New York Police Department from 2003 to 2006.
Luis Colon alleged he was handcuffed and choked during an arrest.
Rapiejko had resigned voluntarily in 2006, and there is no indication of any disciplinary action against him from the NYPD.
Marana police chief says he's glad the suspect didn't die.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 540, Total accepted tokens: 540, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Thousands sought refuge in temporary shelters in South Africa after mobs with machetes attacked immigrants in Durban, leaving at least five people dead, an aid group said Thursday. Heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes this week after local residents accused immigrants from other African nations of taking their jobs. The attacks in Durban killed two immigrants and three South Africans, including a 14-year-old boy, authorities said. "There has been an outpouring of support from ordinary South Africans who are disgusted with the attacks not only because they are foreign, or African, but because they are fellow human beings," said Gift of the Givers charity, which is helping those seeking refuge. "We are preparing aid packages for those who may journey onwards to their home countries." The charity said about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week because of the violence. That doesn't count anyone who fled their homes to other, private accommodations, the group said. It said it hopes the violence is limited to Durban, but assured immigrants that it has a facility in Johannesburg to help those who might need shelter there. "We have tents and all essential supplies on standby but pray that sanity prevails and this does not become necessary," it said. In the past, Johannesburg has been the epicenter of anti-immigrant tensions. In 2008, scores were killed in attacks in the poorest areas of Johannesburg. Most of the victims were Zimbabweans who had fled repression and dire economic circumstances. In that attack, police arrested more than 200 people for various crimes including rape, murder, robbery and theft.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Aid group says about 8,500 people fled to refugee centers or police stations this week.
Police scramble to stop clashes after local residents accused immigrants of taking jobs.
Heavily armed police have scrambled to stop clashes this week.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 541, Total accepted tokens: 541, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Atlanta (CNN)A fake name on a Facebook post can still get you in real trouble, especially when you're threatening to shoot every white cop you see. Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, posted her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan, police said. "All Black ppl should rise up and shoot at every white cop in the nation starting NOW," said the post made on Monday. "I condone black on white killings. Hell they condone crimes against us." The post was removed a day later, just before Dickens was arrested, CNN affiliate WSB reported. "I thought about shooting every white cop I see in the head until I'm either caught by the police or killed by them.  Ha!!!!  I think I can pull it off.  Might kill at least 15 tomorrow, I'm plotting now." Needless to say, it got law enforcement's attention. Not only the East Point police, but Atlanta police -- whose homeland security unit "worked diligently ... to identify the true identity of the poster and her whereabouts," said Atlanta police spokeswoman Elizabeth Espy -- as well as the FBI and federal Homeland Security Department. "That's 15 people that she's talking about killing within a day or so, so whether she is serious or not that's something that we have to take seriously," East Point police Lt. Cliff Chandler told WSB. Police in East Point -- a city of about 34,000 people just south of Atlanta -- said in a statement that, in addition to detailing how many police might die and threatening white officers specifically, the posts "indicated that the acts were being plotted and were in motion." After connecting Dickens to the Facebook post, authorities obtained a search warrant for her residence. They took her into custody while executing that warrant. "A firearm along with three computers was located during the search," East Point police said. Dickens, 33, appeared in court Wednesday on a charge of disseminating information related to terrorist acts. A judge set a $10,000 bond for her and banned her from social media. She was then transferred to Fulton County Jail, where she remained until bonding out at 6:19 a.m. Thursday, according to county sheriff's office spokeswoman Tracy Flanagan.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ebony Dickens of East Point, Georgia, posted her Facebook rant under the name Tiffany Milan.
Police say she threatened to kill every white cop she saw.
Dickens was arrested Monday.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 542, Total accepted tokens: 542, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It took more than seven decades, but England finally got its delivery of tons of silver coins. For most of those years, the money was deep at the bottom of the Atlantic, the monetary casualty of a cruel World War II sinking. In November 1942,  the unguarded SS City of Cairo was sunk by a German U-boat while carrying 296 civilians and cargo that included 100 tons of silver. The vessel sunk to more than 16,800 feet under the surface (5,150 meters) where it went undiscovered until 2011 when Deep Ocean Search decided to go looking for it. The sinking was the stuff of legend. The City of Cairo was bringing silver rupees from India to England as part of the war effort. After a stop in Brazil, two torpedos sank the ship in the Atlantic. After the ship went under, the U-boat reportedly surfaced and the captain said to the survivors in lifeboats: "Goodnight, sorry for sinking you." The captain's lament is the title of a book about the event. Only a handful of people died as the ship sank but about 100 more passed away during the desperate attempt of the six boats to make it to land, which was hundreds of miles away. When the last of the lifeboats was found 51 days later, all but two people in it had died. Deep Ocean Search said in a news release that during the 2011 search it located an unnatural object on radar. A sub found the City of Cairo split into two parts, buried by silt. "Under contract to the UK Ministry of Transport, DOS recovered several tens of tons of silver coins from a depth of (5,150 meters)," the company said. The depth is a world record, the company claimed. Other deep-water operations reported in the media that are close to this depth include the 1987 search for the wreck of a South African Airways plane at 16,000 feet (4,700 meters) and the discovery of the SS Gairsoppa at about 15,400 feet (4,800 meters) in the North Atlantic in 2011. The BBC reported the City of Cairo salvage operation was completed in September 2013, but the British government made the company keep it secret until this week. The coins were melted and the silver sold, the BBC reported. Deep Ocean Search got a percentage of the sale, and the UK Treasury the rest, according to the BBC. At today's rates, 100 tons of silver would be worth about $50 million. Remains of USS Oklahoma crew to be exhumed at Pearl Harbor . CNN's Jessica King contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England finally gets its delivery of tons of silver coins.
The money was deep at the bottom of the Atlantic.
The sinking was the stuff of legend.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 543, Total accepted tokens: 543, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Centennial, Colorado (CNN)After months of intensive questioning, a jury has finally been picked for the trial of Colorado movie theater massacre suspect James Holmes. Twelve jurors and twelve alternates are on the list. The group includes 19 women and five men. It's almost entirely white and mostly middle-aged. It's a key step in the case, and it's been a long time coming. Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors. But the legal wrangling is the case is just revving up. Holmes' defense attorneys asked for a change of venue after the jury was seated Tuesday. The judge denied their request, noting that a jury had already been seated. Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27. Holmes is accused of killing 12 people and injuring 70 others when he allegedly opened fire inside a packed theater during the midnight showing of "The Dark Knight Rises" on July 20, 2012. The one-time neuroscience doctoral student faces 165 counts, including murder and attempted murder charges. Now 27, he has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity. If convicted of the most serious charges, he could face a death sentence. Wearing a gray dress shirt and tan slacks, Holmes sat quietly in court on Tuesday, looking relaxed and leaning back in his chair for much of the day as lawyers made their picks from the jury pool. He looked down often, but smiled occasionally, such as when the judge made a joke about a juror needing to share his Cheetos and when the district attorney accidentally addressed a male juror as a "Miss." Even though he looked calm, defense lawyer Tamara Brady started her question and answer session with jurors Tuesday by expression concerns about Holmes getting a fair and impartial trial, saying "I'm nervous" and "my client is nervous." District Attorney George Brauchler warned jurors to brace themselves. Tuesday's court session, he said, was the lawyers' last chance to find out if there is "any reason you shouldn't be one of the 24 to sit through the four to five months of a horrible roller coaster through the worst haunted house you can imagine." CNN's Ana Cabrera and Sara Weisfeldt reported from Centennial City. CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet reported from Atlanta. CNN's Michael Martinez contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jury selection started in January with 9,000 potential jurors.
The group includes 19 women and five men.
Opening statements in the trial are scheduled to begin on April 27.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 544, Total accepted tokens: 544, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Are you a boxing fan? Fancy the best seats in the house for Saturday night's showdown in Las Vegas between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao? Got a spare $361,894 for a couple of tickets? No? Ah, well then you might have a problem. Yes, while most of the tickets for the highly-anticipated clash have sold out, there are still some floating around on secondary sites with ringside seats going at crazy money. A ticket at ringside will cost you $180,000 -- a knockout price which might have you seeing stars. As of lunchtime Friday, the most expensive seat on sale through the StubHub website, was retailing for a mammoth $128,705 but has since skyrocketed. Tickets were released last Thursday, just eight days before one of the biggest fights in history after legal wrangling between the two camps. However only around 1,000 were available to the general public, the rest of the estimated 16,500 tickets split between the fighters' camps and the casino as well as promoters and sponsors. Not long after some were made available on resale websites at a mark up that could only be dreamed about even by the sharpest financial trader. Those at the lower end of the eye-watering scale -- priced between $1,500 and $7,500 -- were snapped up in a matter of minutes. The cheapest priced ticket being offered on StubHub as of Monday is $4,600 with that seat right at the back of the MGM Grand arena., . "We've never seen anything like this in boxing, and I don't think in any sporting event," Bob Arum, Pacquiao's promoter, told CNN, . And Arum isn't worried that the steep prices would keep fans away. "The 1% has so much money, they don't know how to spend it. Whether it's yachts, paintings or tickets to a fight, money means nothing," he said. "There was a craze for tickets and under our agreement with Mayweather Promotions, we felt we were being deprived of our fair share of the tickets (from) the standpoint of number and location. "It was very, very important to my fighter Manny Pacquiao, to the Philippines people... Manny has friends and family like you can't believe -- that will be in account for 800 or 900 tickets themselves."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tickets for Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao clash in Las Vegas.
Most expensive seat on sale through the StubHub website is $128,705.
The cheapest ticket being offered on StubHub as of Monday is $4,600.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 545, Total accepted tokens: 545, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Two pieces of audio recorded in the immediate aftermath of a deadly police shooting in South Carolina emerged Monday. The voice of Michael Slager can be heard in both. The former North Charleston police officer is charged with murder in the death of 50-year-old Walter Scott. In the first recording, an unidentified officer talks to Slager about what might happen. "Once they get here, it'll be real quick. They're gonna tell you, you're gonna be off for a couple days and we'll come back and interview you then. They're not gonna ask you any type of questions right now. They're gonna take your weapon," the officer says. "It'd probably be a good idea to jot down your thoughts about whatever happened ... once the adrenaline stops pumping." Slager responds: "It's pumping," and then laughs. The second audio, taken from dash cam video from inside a patrol car, captures a phone call between Slager and someone CNN believes is his wife. He tells her: "Hey. Hey, everything's OK. OK? I just shot somebody." "He grabbed my Taser, yeah. Yeah," says Slager. "He was running from me. ... I'm fine." If convicted of murder, the former officer faces up to life in prison or the death penalty, although a death penalty case appears unlikely at this point. "Based on the facts revealed thus far, it does not appear South Carolina's death penalty provision applies in this case because there are no statutory 'aggravating circumstances' present," Scarlett A. Wilson, who is the chief prosecutor for the Ninth Judicial Circuit in the state, said on her Facebook page. Slager was charged after cell phone video emerged, showing him firing at Scott as the man ran away. Who was Walter Scott? Pierre Fulton was riding in a car with Scott before the shooting took place. "Walter was a dear friend and I miss him every day," Fulton said in a statement given to ABC News by his lawyer.  "Over the past five years he helped me to become a better man and showed me the value of hard work." "I'll never know why he ran, but I know he didn't deserve to die," Fulton said.  "Please keep Walter and his family in your prayers and respect my privacy moving forward." Scott's passenger meets with police . Scott's death has reignited a national conversation around race and policing. Scott was black; Slager is white. The case has also brought to light previous instances in which Slager's behavior on the job is being questioned. On Monday, attorneys for a man named Julius Wilson announced that they were filing a lawsuit in connection with an August 2014 traffic stop. During the stop, three officers -- including Slager -- pulled Wilson out of his car. Wilson was then allegedly shocked with a stun gun. The suit claims Slager used excessive force. Slager was also named in a police complaint in 2013 after he allegedly "Tased a man for no reason" before slamming him to the ground and dragging him, according to the North Charleston Police Department. At the time, Slager was searching for a suspect who was described as being 5-feet-5-inches tall. The African-American man he confronted was 6-feet-3 inches tall. A lawyer for Mario Givens, the man who filed the complaint, said last week that his client plans to file a lawsuit. Givens said Slager came to his door, ordered him out of the house and then Tased him. Slager was later cleared in that incident. What we know about Officer Slager . CNN's Ray Sanchez contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Officer's wife calls him on phone, says he's fine.
Officer is charged with murder in Walter Scott's death.
Officer says he's fine after shooting, but Scott's passenger says he's not.
Officer was charged after video emerged showing him firing at Scott.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 546, Total accepted tokens: 546, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Robert Boardwine's path to fatherhood was unconventional, but Virginia's appeals court said Tuesday he is legally entitled to be a part of his son's life. Boardwine's friend, Joyce Bruce, had used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant. She thought after she learned she was with child that they should just be friends. She also thought that because they never had sex, she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent, according to court documents. The Court of Appeals of Virginia decided differently in weighing the commonwealth's assisted conception statute and denying Bruce's appeal to deny Boardwine visitation. It agreed with a circuit court ruling that method of insemination didn't come from medical technology. "The plain meaning of the term 'medical technology' does not encompass a kitchen implement such as a turkey baster," the appeals court wrote in its decision. Bruce's attorney, Monica T. Monday, said she would need to talk to her client before she can comment about whether they will file an appeal. Boardwine initially was hesitant when Bruce approached him in 2010 with the turkey baster idea, the court document says. They talked about writing their agreement down on paper, but that never happened. They tried the turkey baster method a few times. He'd come over to her house, go to a room alone, bring his sperm in a plastic cup, they'd chat, and he'd leave. Then she'd use the kitchen utensil and wait. After she didn't get pregnant, she twice tried a fertility doctor. No luck. She and Boardwine tried a few more times, and in July, she learned she was going to have a baby. Boardwine came by the house with a stuffed bear and clothes for the baby. Things were OK. He thought he was going to be able to see the newborn as often as he wanted. She thought he could have "some involvement," the appeals court decision says, but she would be the sole parent. He'd be like any other friend, certainly not have formal visitation. Then they argued. Over what to name the baby. They didn't speak for more than five months after that. The baby was born, and Boardwine says he learned about the baby's arrival from someone else. He went to the hospital and saw the boy at Bruce's home. Joyce Bruce said the visits were "strained." She told Boardwine to stop coming. So he took the matter to court. Bruce argued that she used "noncoital reproductive technology" to get pregnant, and Boardwine was technically a sperm donor. He argued that he always expected to be a dad, going to the kid's games and taking part in making decisions on schools and medical needs. A court-ordered DNA test proved Boardwine is the biological father. The appeals court affirmed the lower court's ruling, saying the turkey baster doesn't constitute reproductive technology. Boardwine was awarded joint legal custody and visitation. CNN also reached out to his attorney Tuesday but didn't get a reply. CNN's Tony Marco contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Virginia appeals court rules Boardwine is legally entitled to be a part of son's life.
Court: Boardwine's friend used his sperm and a turkey baster to get pregnant.
Friend thought she was entitled to be the boy's sole parent, court documents say.
Court: Boardwine thought he could have "some involvement" with the baby.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 547, Total accepted tokens: 547, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It's the simplest possible assignment, but it always teaches a huge lesson. Every year, Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her third grade students and asks them to complete the sentence, "I wish my teacher knew ..." Many of the students she teaches at Doull Elementary just wish they had something in common with her, that she knew soccer or video games. But sometimes, their wishes bring tears to her eyes, and offer a glimpse of painful struggles in their young lives. There's a student who misses her father: "I haven't seen him in six years." Another who wants to tell her she's lonely: "I don't have friend to play with me." Still another who wants to explain why her reading log goes unsigned: "My mom is not around a lot." And other who has big hopes for the future: "I want to go to college." The assignment sprang from the kinds of conversations teachers have all the time, Schwartz said: "What do our students need? How can we best serve them?" Schwartz always gives her students the option to write their names on their notes or remain anonymous; of sharing them only with her, or with the entire class. It surprises her how often students stand up and want to read their wishes out loud, like the shy student who shared, "I wish my teacher knew I'm nervous all the time." "They feel respected, they feel safe enough to share some of these more sensitive ones," said Schwartz, who has been teaching for three years. "Kids can share what they feel comfortable with." Recently, Schwartz began to post some students' responses on Twitter using the hashtag #IWishMyTeacherKnew. It spread, as teachers around the country tried it with their own classrooms. They sometimes reveal what kids are most worried about right now, like the child whose mother was sick, or another who had just experienced bullying. One student just wants more attention from the teacher. Sometimes, they have a little fun: "I wish my teacher knew how to do a backflip." Occasionally, students want to reassure their teachers that that they're doing a great job. There's a lot for teachers to learn, too: "They are KIDS who deal with a lot as they grow up," one educator posted on Twitter. Schwartz said she's learned not to assume what her students wish. Although most of the students at her school live in poverty, not every message is about a material need. There's no pressure to share something they're not ready to talk about, she said, and "they're acutely aware of their own needs." Through assignments like this, she is, too. As her idea spread, many Twitter users asked how they can help to support her students. She's pointed them toward a DonorsChoose.org fund where she posts a classroom project wish list. So far, most have been fulfilled.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her third grade students.
She asks them to complete the sentence, "I wish my teacher knew..."
Schwartz says she's learned not to assume what her students wish.
She's pointed Twitter users toward a DonorsChoose.org fund.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 548, Total accepted tokens: 548, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Thump. The University of Nebraska at Omaha is getting a new $81.6 million stadium for its hockey, basketball and volleyball teams. Thump. It'll have luxury suites and everything. Thump. But it seems all anyone can talk about these days ... THUMP . ... is the taco cannon. That's right, we said taco cannon. An Omaha taco shop has teamed up with the university to shoot tacos into the stands at sporting events. That the foil-wrapped eats will make to fans was made evident when Voodoo Tacos owner Eric Newton demonstrated the power of the cannon for CNN affiliate KETV. That they'll make it undamaged? Not so much. "I wouldn't say it would be as restaurant quality when it gets to them, but it's edible," Newton said. With this latest technological development, the taco will join t-shirts, stuffed toys, balls, biscuits and the lowly hot dog in hurtling into the stands at public gatherings. UNO fans, um, ate the idea up, sending #tacocannon hurtling past #EarthDay as the No. 1 trending topic Wednesday in Omaha. "How we roll in Omaha...Frozen Four appearances and projectile tacos," Twitter user mavpuck said, referring to the school's recent, and sadly taco-less, appearance in the NCAA hockey tournament semifinals. "This just might be the greatest invention.  EVER," thetoddbryant wrote on Twitter. The tacos will start flying this fall, when the school's new arena is scheduled to open. But Voodoo Tacos has already scored, catching plenty of publicity months ahead of opening night. "My partners laughed and me and said 'that's dumb,' " Newton told KETV. "Now they're emailing me and saying, 'About the best thing we've ever bought.' "<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: University of Nebraska at Omaha gets new $81.6 million stadium.
Taco shop owner Eric Newton shows off the power of the taco cannon.
Tacos will start flying this fall, when the school's new arena is scheduled to open.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 549, Total accepted tokens: 549, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tokyo (CNN)It's a bird -- It's a plane -- It's an insanely fast Japanese bullet train. A Japan Railway maglev train hit 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour) on an experimental track in Yamanashi Tuesday, setting a decisive new world record. A spokesperson said the train spent 10.8 seconds traveling above 600 kilometers per hour, during which it covered 1.8 kilometers (1.1 miles). That's nearly 20 football fields in the time it took you to read the last two sentences. Takeo Ookanda, who runs an exhibition center next to the test track, said witnesses erupted with excitement and applause when the new record was set. "I was moved just like many other visitors here today," he told CNN. "This maglev project... (increases) the hope that Japan can have a good growth again in the future." The train broke its own record from last Thursday, when it ran at 590 kilometers per hour (366 miles per hour) on a test track. That beat the old record of 581 kilometers per hour (361 miles per hour), which was set in 2003 during another Japanese maglev test. Right now, China operates the world's fastest commercial maglev, which has hit 431 kilometers per hour (268 miles per hour) on a route through Shanghai. By contrast, the fastest train in the United States, Amtrak's Acela Express, is only capable of 241 kilometers per hour (150 miles per hour), though it usually plods along at half that speed. Unlike traditional trains, maglev trains work by using magnets to push the train away from the tracks and drive the train forward. Japan's maglevs don't use metal tracks — instead, they float nearly 10 cm (4 inches) above special guideways, allowing for frictionless movement. Japan Railways has been testing their train to figure out the best operational speed for a planned route between Tokyo and Nagoya, scheduled to begin service in 2027. That trip can take nearly 5 hours by car. But in the future, a maglev train could finish the journey in 40 minutes. READ MORE: The future of transportation will blow your hair back . CNN's Yoko Wakatsuki contributed reporting.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Japan Railway maglev train hits 603 kilometers per hour (374 miles per hour)
Maglev trains work by using magnets to push the train away from the tracks.
Japan's maglevs don't use metal tracks -- instead, they float nearly 10 cm (4 inches)
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 550, Total accepted tokens: 550, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Charlotte Dujardin says she is "living the dream" as she cements her status as a dressage legend. Dujardin and Valegro won their their second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title in Las Vegas at the weekend -- a trophy to sit alongside Olympic gold and the world and European titles. While their score of 94.196 narrowly missed their own world record in the sport, it was still a full 10 percentage points clear of any rival inside the Thomas & Mack Arena. Dutchman Edward Gal and Glock's Undercover were second with 84.696, ahead of Germany's Jessica von Bredow-Werndl and Unee BB in third with 80.464. "Valegro just loves his job," said Dujardin. "I don't have to force him to do anything, I just sit there and steer and off I go. There's no sweating, no pushing, no pulling. He knows his job and it's just fantastic" added Dujardin, who couldn't stop smiling as she was pictured next to an Elvis impersonator after her win. Not everyone finds World Cup success quite that relaxing. Switzerland's Steve Guerdat may be the London Olympic champion, but his Longines FEI World Cup jumping victory in Vegas came at the 10th attempt. Guerdat and Albfuehren's Paille had the last fence down and narrowly avoided a time fault that would have denied them the outright win. "I don't really want to think about it," he joked. "Coming to the last I knew the time was tight. "I just went as fast as I could to the finish line, but unfortunately there was a big fence in the way." He added: "I've been three times on the podium, twice in the jump-off and always finished in the top 10. I always wanted to win this." The World Cup Finals are among the most prestigious equestrian titles, but the weekend's events in Las Vegas were notable for the success of younger riders. American dressage rider Laura Graves, a 27-year-old who burst onto the international scene with fifth place at last year's World Equestrian Games, improved to fourth in Vegas. Her performance was outdone by Irish showjumper Bertram Allen, who took bronze on Sunday at the age of 19. The teenager is likely to rise through the ranks of the world's top 10 following that performance, while gaining precious Olympic qualification points. Allen and Molly Malone finished behind French rider Penelope Leprevost, on board Vagabond de la Pomme, who took silver.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Charlotte Dujardin and Valegro win their second consecutive Reem Acra FEI World Cup Dressage title in Las Vegas.
Dutchman Edward Gal and Glock's Undercover second with 84.696.
Swiss Steve Guerdat and Albfuehren's Paille third with 80.464.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 551, Total accepted tokens: 551, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)They are superstars flown in from across the globe -- and they probably had more legroom than you. The world's leading showjumping and dressage horses have reached Las Vegas for this week's World Cup Finals. The man who arranged their travel says, for horses, it's business class all the way. "There are two horses per box," explains Tim Dutta, who oversaw the loading of more than $150 million in equine talent onto a Qatar Airways flight at Amsterdam's Schiphol Airport earlier this month. "We pay attention to each horse's little idiosyncrasies and requirements -- do they like wet hay, or not? Do we use sea salt to encourage them to drink? "I like the horses to have some quiet time too, they need that. So when the aircraft is at cruise then they are left alone for a while, to have a snooze and relax, without being bothered by anyone." No horse is snoozing now. The flights are over and they're in Las Vegas to work. Vegas is home to the finals for the sixth time since first hosting showjumping in 2000. The venue is the Thomas & Mack Center, a stone's throw from the Strip, which had the distinction of being opened by Frank Sinatra and Diana Ross in 1983. Organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week's event, which boasts an $8 million budget. Expect Elvis Presley beaming down from the Jumbotron; chefs from the Bellagio serving VIP guests who paid upwards of $1,500 a ticket; and tennis legend Steffi Graf presenting the trophies. In the past, that was not your usual showjumping and dressage atmosphere -- but that's something the sport is trying to change. Hosting world-class horsesport in Vegas is a way to raise its profile in the United States. As with this month's showjumping on Miami Beach, the thinking is location, location, location. For the riders, few locations are comparable. "It's like a Wrigley Field feel," said Tim Keener, one of the Vegas organizers, describing how the bowl of the arena will seat spectators unusually close to the action. Showjumping comes here for the showbiz. In previous years, trophies have been handed out by flying showgirls descending from the rafters. Elvis impersonators have burst into the arena on horseback. This year, a "selfie booth" will let fans crowd in with leading riders for awkward photos on their phones -- and there will be quite some choice of riders. Since the World Cup Finals are among the most prestigious titles available, the cast list over the next four days features almost all of the world's top names. In showjumping, Germany's Daniel Deusser is both the defending World Cup champion and the new world No. 1, unseating Britain's Scott Brash. The Germans are the most successful nation at the World Cup Finals, with 10 showjumping victories, and three-time champion Marcus Ehning will also compete. The hosts have a superstar and 2013 champion in Beezie Madden, while 2012 champion Rich Fellers will ride aptly named "comeback king" Flexible, a horse undeterred by a series of illnesses and injuries which would have seen almost any other stallion retire. In dressage, Britain's Charlotte Dujardin and Valero are the runaway favorites to successfully defend last year's World Cup title. The partnership is the first ever to hold the World Cup alongside Olympic, world and European gold. Few riders are expected to mount a serious challenge if Dujardin and Valegro perform well, but watch out for Germany's Isabell Werth and up-and-coming US rider Laura Graves. Graves, 27, has barely spent a year on the U.S. senior team, yet finished fifth in last year's World Equestrian Games on board Verdades. The action begins on Thursday, April 16, with dressage reaching a climax on the Saturday and showjumping a day later. But if you miss it, the chances are you won't have to wait long for another chance. Vegas is so in love with horses, organizers are already planning a bid to bring the event back in 2019.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: World's leading showjumping and dressage horses reach Las Vegas for World Cup Finals.
Organizers believe more than 80,000 fans will attend this week's event.
The venue is the Thomas & Mack Center, a stone's throw from the Strip.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 552, Total accepted tokens: 552, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)As Nepal grapples with an earthquake that has killed more than 3,400 people, Ronen Ziv worries about someone he has never met. His unborn baby is due this week in Kathmandu. He had tickets to travel to Nepal for his child's birth from a surrogate mother, but now he has no choice but to wait in his native Israel for news. "It's terrifying," Ziv said. "I can tell you I didn't get much sleep ...  all my thoughts and all my prayers are for the surrogate mother and the unborn child." Nepal is a popular place for Israeli couples to have surrogate children. Ziv's first child, a 15-month-old daughter, was born to a surrogate mother in Nepal. Ziv and his partner, Tom, traveled to Nepal for the birth. They were planning on making the trip once again, but the earthquake forced them to change their plans. Companies that help arrange surrogate pregnancies estimate 25 couples are now in Kathmandu with newborn surrogate children, while 10 to 15 surrogate mothers are due to give birth in the coming weeks. The country is also a popular spot for Israeli travelers. The Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs estimates there are about 600 to 700 Israelis in Nepal. Israel Defense Forces is sending 260 emergency responders to Nepal, including search-and-rescue teams. The group is also bringing almost 100 tons of medical aid supplies. Ziv says his baby is in a breech position, requiring a cesarean section. In the current chaos of Kathmandu, he worries his surrogate mother, Nafisa Shaje, will not get the proper medical attention required for a safe and healthy birth. Ziv would prefer Shaje fly to Israel, where hospitals can provide the needed medical help. But with only days left until the baby is due, Ziv said putting Shaje on a plane might not be possible. "If anything else happens, it could very quickly go to absolute catastrophe," Ziv says. Hospitals in Nepal have been flooded with injured quake victims. Some have been turned away so doctors can tend to the most severely injured. Cila Tamir, Ziv's attorney, has been working with the Ministry of the Interior to try to bring Shaje to Israel. "She has no place to deliver. No conditions," Tamir said. "Everything is ruined there, and I'm sure that the hospital doesn't function normally because of the casualties and the injuries."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ronen Ziv worries about his surrogate mother and unborn child.
Ziv's first child was born in Nepal to a surrogate mother.
Ziv and his partner are planning to make another trip to Nepal.
Ziv says his baby is in a breech position, requiring a cesarean section.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 553, Total accepted tokens: 553, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The last time Frank Jordan spoke with his son, Louis Jordan was fishing on a sailboat a few miles off the South Carolina coast. The next time he spoke with him, more than two months had passed and the younger Jordan was on a German-flagged container ship 200 miles from North Carolina, just rescued from his disabled boat. "I thought I lost you," the relieved father said. Louis Jordan, 37, took his 35-foot sailboat out in late January and hadn't been heard from in 66 days when he was spotted Thursday afternoon by the Houston Express on his ship drifting in the Atlantic Ocean. "I was utterly thankful and grateful to the people who rescued me, and I was grateful to God that my parents were not going to be worried about me," Jordan told CNN. Frank Jordan told CNN's Wolf Blitzer that he had worried about his son, who is an inexperienced sailor, but he held hope because his son had a good boat. And he had the strength to make it. "He's got very strong constitution and (is strong) not only physically, but spiritually," Frank Jordan told CNN. "And he told me on the phone that he was praying the whole time, so I believe that sustained him a great deal." The younger Jordan said he took his sailboat out to the Gulf Stream to find some better fishing, when it capsized.  He broke his shoulder when the boat flipped. Because of the injury, Jordan couldn't repair the boat's mast, which had snapped. "Everything I owned got broken -- all my electronics, my GPS devices," Jordan said.  He was dead in the water. Jordan drifted in the Atlantic, rationing food and water until his shoulder healed. He was able to rig a makeshift mast and sail, Jordan said, but he could make little headway against the currents. "It took so long," he said.  "It moved so slowly." The boat capsized two more times before he was rescued, according to Jordan. After his food and water ran out, it became an issue of survival. Collecting fresh water was a nightmare for Jordan.  The weather wouldn't cooperate. "I had tried to collect (rain)water ... but every time the waves would splash into the boat," Jordan said.  "The waves would put saltwater into my freshwater and it tasted bad. "Finally the conditions were right.  I filled up my water tank, which is 25 gallons.  I filled up a bucket." Then there was the issue of food. The fish weren't cooperating, but after a while Jordan learned that they were attracted to his laundry that he would put out to sea for a rinse. The fish would swim in and out of his clothes and he could easily scoop them up with a hand net, he said. Jodran came ashore Thursday evening. CNN affiliate WAVY in Norfolk, Virginia, reported that he was able to walk from the helicopter into Sentara Norfolk General Hospital at about 7:30 p.m. Jordan was reported missing January 29, a few days after his last contact with his father. Two months of concern poured out in a phone call with his son's rescuers. Frank Jordan thanked the captain of the Houston Express. "You're a good man, I swear.  You did what you are supposed to do, and I sure do appreciate it," he says. "And I know my son appreciates it." CNN's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Frank Jordan, son of Louis Jordan, was missing two months after last contact.
Louis Jordan was on a German-flagged container ship 200 miles from North Carolina.
Jordan said he was rescued from disabled boat by Houston Express captain.
Jordan said he was rescued from disabled boat by Houston Express captain.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 554, Total accepted tokens: 554, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Catania, Sicily (CNN)We are at the beginning of a massive and mounting crisis with no solution in sight. Perhaps that's incorrect. The migrant crisis that has suddenly drawn hundreds of journalists to Sicily has been brewing for years, but in the past 10 days, with as many as 1,600 deaths in the Mediterranean, suddenly minds are focused -- for now. Almost exactly four years ago, in Libya, I caught, perhaps, a glimpse of what was to come. It was late at night in the besieged city of Misrata. Hundreds of African migrants were caught between the Libyan civil war (back then some optimistically called it a "revolution") and the deep blue sea. They had come to Misrata from Ghana, Nigeria and elsewhere, hoping to board rickety boats to cross the sea to Europe. They had been pinned down under sporadic shelling from government forces, but weren't welcome by the rebels who controlled the city. They appealed to us to help them escape. We could do nothing, but they may have eventually found their way out when the fighting subsided. The fall of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi's regime, which we reporters covered so avidly, was followed by chaos, which we in the news media largely neglected, focused as we journalists were on the next catastrophe, the Syrian civil war. In that chaos, the business of human trafficking has boomed. And now that boom in human misery is coming in waves to the shores of Italy. The focus today is on those lost at sea. Aware of the tragedy underway, however, Italians are alarmed at the prospect that this year alone as many as a million migrants could arrive in Europe, according to one European Union official. That is certainly the case in the Sicilian port of Catania, where many migrants arrive. The city's mayor, Enzo Bianco, insists city residents bear no ill will toward the migrants, but says Catania, and Sicily cannot absorb the ever-growing numbers. The rest of Europe must help carry the burden. "If something serious isn't done," he warns, "dramas like these will be repeated. This problem will not be resolved by hiding our heads in the sand." Increasingly, some Italians are losing their patience. Two northern regions, Veneto and Valle d'Aosta, have declared they will no longer accept new migrants. The rightist Lega Nord has made opposition to new migrants a pillar of its party program. Others, however, insist Italy must keep its doors open. In Catania port, I spoke with Grazia Giurato, who had joined a small protest in solidarity with the migrants. "Many years ago, our grandparents emigrated," she recalled. "Let's keep that in mind." Indeed, in tougher times, millions of impoverished Italians left their homeland to settle in the Americas and Australia. They, too, like the migrants from Africa and the Middle East, were fleeing grinding poverty and war. And they, too, experienced the kind of prejudice and resentment in lands their descendants now proudly call home. That's the long view, perhaps. But now, today, Italians are grappling to deal with the consequences of an array of old and new ills, ranging from failing states and failing economies to endemic corruption, hopeless poverty, oppression and injustice that no one state or group of states can solve without a gargantuan, expensive and politically daunting effort. And while this crisis has been brewing for years, it is now truly upon us.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Four years ago, in Libya, I caught a glimpse of what was to come.
The fall of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi's regime was followed by chaos.
In that chaos, the business of human trafficking has boomed.
The focus today is on those lost at sea.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 555, Total accepted tokens: 555, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)NASA says its Messenger space probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday after running out of fuel, ending a nearly 11-year journey that provided valuable data and thousands of photos. Mission controllers at the Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) in Laurel, Maryland, confirmed the probe slammed into the surface of Mercury, as anticipated, at 3:26 p.m. EDT, NASA told CNN in an email. NASA earlier said the probe was expected to hit the surface at 8,750 miles per hour and to create an impact crater 52 feet (16 meters) in diameter. The crash wasn't visible from Earth because it occurred on the far side of Mercury. Messenger (an acronym for MErcury Surface, Space ENvironment, GEochemistry, and Ranging) was launched in 2004 and traveled more than 6½ years before it started circling Mercury on March 18, 2011. It was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet closest to the sun. It traveled about 5 billion miles -- a journey that included 15 trips around the sun. Spacecraft to make death dive into Mercury . The spacecraft was healthy when it crashed, but was out of fuel. When scientists determined there was no way to save it, they held a briefing this month to celebrate the mission's success. "For the first time in history we now have real knowledge about the planet Mercury that shows it to be a fascinating world as part of our diverse solar system," said John Grunsfeld, associate administrator for the Science Mission Directorate at NASA headquarters in Washington. One of the mission's big findings: It sent back data indicating that ice in Mercury's shadowed polar regions, if spread over an area the size of Washington, would be more than two miles thick, NASA said. As the end neared, the probe sent back some final tweets thanking mission managers and counting down its final orbits. The Messenger mission is over, but scientists say they'll be busy for years studying data from the probe. And while the space probe won't be sending back anymore images, you can see Mercury with your own eyes. It's visible in the night sky just before dusk until about the end of May.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NASA says Messenger probe crashed into Mercury on Thursday.
Messenger launched in 2004 and traveled more than 6½ years before it started circling Mercury.
Messenger was the first spacecraft to orbit the planet closest to the sun.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 556, Total accepted tokens: 556, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)As ash from Chile's Calbuco Volcano spread east into Argentina, geologists warned of the potential for more activity Friday. Evacuations in the region involved not only people but animals as well. "There is more seismic activity ... and we think there will be more activity today," Helmuth Huerta, a spokesman for Chile's National Geological and Mining Service, told CNN. The volcano has already erupted twice this week, spewing ash to a depth of about 23½ inches (60 centimeters) in some places, according to the Ministry of Interior and Public Safety. New advisories say airborne ash could reach an altitude of 12,000 feet. Calbuco erupted twice in 24 hours, the geological agency said early Thursday. The agency said it was evaluating a spectacular nighttime eruption but indicated it was "stronger than the first one." In Ensenada, houses, trees and even sheep were blanketed gray with ash, CNN's Shasta Darlington reported. People were removing salmon -- a staple of the local economy -- amid fear of contamination from ash and lava. Trucks were used to evacuate farm animals and pets. Authorities issued a red alert for the popular tourist towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas in the south. People were being evacuated to Port Montt on 22 buses and military trucks, the interior ministry said. Officials said that volcanic flows from Calbuco caused rising water levels in the Río Blanco. A 12-mile (20-kilometer) exclusion zone was established around the crater. Military and police forces were helping evacuate more than 4,400 residents, the Interior Ministry said. An additional 2,000 residents of Chamiza were being evacuated as a preventive measure after river levels rose due to volcanic flows. More evacuations were expected in Lago Chapo and Correntoso. The first eruption on Wednesday set off a bit of a panic in the region. "At the beginning, it was small, and later, the cloud grew. And later, there was a huge cloud over you and true terror starts," a Puerto Montt resident said. Another person said: "It was impressive to see an enormous mushroom cloud, with the immense force of the volcano, and to see the ashes. At that point, there was a lot of panic, lots of chaos, traffic jams, people going to supermarkets, everyone looking for water, trying to take out money from the ATMs." Magma expanse under Yellowstone supervolcano more vast than thought . The eruption is a first for many in the region. The last major eruption was 1962. There was a minor eruption in 1972. Calbuco also belched out a bit of gas and smoke in 1996. Alejandro Verges, regional director of the Interior Ministry, said that officials are concerned there might be a third eruption. "The situation is relatively calm right now, although people are understandably anxious about what could happen tonight," he said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Evacuations in the region involved not only people but animals.
NEW: Authorities issue a red alert for the popular tourist towns of Puerto Montt and Puerto Varas.
NEW: People are being evacuated to Port Montt on 22 buses and military trucks.
NEW: Officials say that volcanic flows from Calbuco caused rising water levels in the Río Blanco.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 557, Total accepted tokens: 557, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Erica Kinsman, a former Florida State University student who has accused star football player Jameis Winston of rape, has filed a lawsuit against the Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback, her lawyer said Thursday. Kinsman has said Winston raped her in December 2012.  A prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case. In the lawsuit filed Thursday, Kinsman alleges sexual battery, false imprisonment and intentional infliction of emotional distress. Winston has said the sex was consensual. CNN obtained the following statement from Winston's attorney David Cornwell. "This stunt was expected," the statement said. "Ms. Kinsman's false accusations have already been exposed and rejected six times.  This time will be no different. Mr. Winston welcomes the opportunity to clear his name with the truth. Mr. Winston is looking forward to the upcoming [NFL] draft.  He will not permit this ploy to distract him as he begins the journey of fulfilling his lifelong dream of being a championship quarterback in the National Football League." CNN doesn't normally identify the alleged victims of sexual assault; however, Kinsman revealed her name this year in a documentary about rape on college campuses. FSU hearing clears Winston . Winston led the Florida State Seminoles to a national championship for the 2013 season and won the Heisman, given to the most outstanding collegiate football player. He is expected to be a top pick in the NFL Draft, which begins April 30. "As for timing, we didn't want to wait until the eve of the draft or after he signed a contract," said Kinsman's attorney John Clune. "As soon as we finished the various motions briefing on the FSU case, we turned our attention to Jameis and got it filed." Kinsman also sued the university in January. According to police documents in the rape case, Kinsman said Winston raped her after she had been drinking with friends at a bar in Tallahassee. She said an unknown man gave her a shot glass of liquid before they left the bar. Kinsman also said she did not remember much of what happened next but that she remembered being in a ground-floor apartment, where Winston took off her clothes and had sex with her despite her objections, according to police documents. Kinsman reported the alleged assault to FSU campus police that night. A month later, in January 2013, she told Tallahassee police that Winston was the attacker. Tallahassee's interim police chief at the time, Tom Coe, said the woman "broke off contact" with investigators in February 2013 and didn't want to go forward with the case. The woman's family said a detective warned her attorney that Tallahassee is a "big football town" and that life could be miserable if she pursued the case. Winston didn't play during the 2012 season but came to Florida State as one of the nation's top quarterback recruits, according to recruiting rankings.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Eric Kinsman has filed a lawsuit against star football player Jameis Winston.
Kinsman says Winston raped her in December 2012.
Prosecutor decided against bringing criminal charges in the case.
Winston has said the sex was consensual.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 558, Total accepted tokens: 558, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Seoul (CNN)North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is continuing to rule with an iron fist, having ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year, according to an assessment by South Korean intelligence agents, a lawmaker who attended a closed briefing said. Shin Kyung-min, a lawmaker with the New Politics Alliance for Democracy, told a handful of reporters that he had been given the information by the South Korean National Intelligence Service. CNN cannot independently confirm the executions. The nature of the intelligence supporting the National Intelligence Service allegations was also not immediately clear. North Korea is one of the most closed societies in the world. According to Shin, intelligence officials say Kim is ruling in an impromptu manner and does not countenance excuses or any views at variance with his own. He considers those a challenge to his authority, the intelligence officials said, according to Shin. For example, a senior official with Ministry of Forestry was executed for expressing dissatisfaction with the country's forestry program, the lawmaker said. North Korean defectors share their ordeals . The vice chairman of the State Planning Commission was executed because he objected to changing the design of a science and technology hall from a rounded shape to one resembling a flower, the intelligence officials said, according to the lawmaker. And in March, according to the South Korean lawmaker, Kim executed on charges of espionage four members of the Unhasu Orchestra, including the general director, because of a scandal, Shin said. Kim became North Korea's Supreme Commander in December 2011 following the death of his father, Kim Jong Il. According to the National Intelligence Service, he is reported to have executed 17 senior officials in 2012, 10 in 2013 and 41 in 2014. The National Intelligence Service says there is a strong possibility that Kim will visit Russia, but given his nature, there is no way to be sure until the last minute. Why Putin is hosting Kim Jong Un . CNN's KJ Kwon reported from Seoul and Don Melvin wrote this report from London.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Intelligence says Kim Jong Un has ordered executions of about 15 officials.
Lawmaker says Kim Jong Un is ruling in an impromptu manner.
Kim Jong Un is North Korea's Supreme Commander.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 559, Total accepted tokens: 559, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Pop star Taylor Swift, who has built an intense bond with her fans by sharing personal details of her life, revealed some sobering news Thursday: Her mother has cancer. The singer did not divulge the nature or severity of the cancer, saying "I'd like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private." Andrea Swift, 57, who years ago quit her job as a mutual fund marketing executive to raise Swift and Swift's younger brother, Austin, has joined her famous daughter on tour and in several of her videos. In a post on Tumblr, the blogging platform, Swift said that for Christmas last year, she asked her mom to get screened for potential health issues, "just to ease some worries of mine." Her mother felt "perfectly fine" but went to the doctor for tests anyway "just to get me and my brother off her case" about it. "The results came in, and I'm saddened to tell you that my mom has been diagnosed with cancer. I'd like to keep the details of her condition and treatment plans private, but she wanted you to know," Swift added. #PrayForMamaSwift was a trending hashtag Thursday on Twitter, where Swift's legions of fans offered prayers and messages of support. Within an hour and a half, Swift's tweet about her mom had been retweeted more than 21,000 times. Many fans shared "there's something in your eyes that says we can beat this," a lyric from Swift's 2008 song "Change." Swift also urged her fans to make sure their parents get screened for cancer and other potential health problems. "She wanted you to know because your parents may be too busy juggling everything they've got going on to go to the doctor, and maybe you reminding them to go get checked for cancer could possibly lead to an early diagnosis and an easier battle ..." she wrote. "Or peace of mind in knowing that they're healthy and there's nothing to worry about." Swift, 25, added that "usually when things happen to me, I process them and then write music about how I feel, and you hear it much later. This is something my family and I thought you should know about now. "Thank you for caring about my family so much that she would want me to share this information with you. I hope and pray that you never get news like this." Andrea Swift and Swift's father, Scott Kingsley Swift, live in Nashville, Tennessee, in a mansion bought by their daughter in 2011 for $2.5 million.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Taylor Swift says she asked her mother to get screened for health issues.
Mother has cancer, but she says she wants to keep details private.
Swift says she hopes fans will make sure their parents get screened for cancer.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 560, Total accepted tokens: 560, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)You know the phrase "dodging a bullet"? Forget about it. Probably not going to happen anymore. The U.S. military said this week it has made great progress in its effort to develop a self-steering bullet. In February, the "smart bullets" -- .50-caliber projectiles equipped with optical sensors -- passed their most successful round of live-fire tests to date, according to the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA. In the tests, an experienced marksman "repeatedly hit moving and evading targets," a DARPA statement said. "Additionally," the statement said, "a novice shooter using the system for the first time hit a moving target." In other words, now you don't even have to be a good shot to hit the mark. The system has been developed by DARPA's Extreme Accuracy Tasked Ordnance program, known as EXACTO. "True to DARPA's mission, EXACTO has demonstrated what was once thought impossible: the continuous guidance of a small-caliber bullet to target," said Jerome Dunn, DARPA program manager. "This live-fire demonstration from a standard rifle showed that EXACTO is able to hit moving and evading targets with extreme accuracy at sniper ranges unachievable with traditional rounds. Fitting EXACTO's guidance capabilities into a small .50-caliber size is a major breakthrough and opens the door to what could be possible in future guided projectiles across all calibers," Dunn said. Videos supplied by DARPA show the bullets making sharp turns in midair as they pursue their targets. It all conjures up images of a cartoon character frantically fleeing a bullet that follows him wherever he goes. Only, these bullets are traveling at hundreds of miles per hour. And even the Road Runner can't run that fast. DARPA says the smart bullets will also help shooters who are trying, for example, to hit targets in high winds. The goals of the EXACTO program are giving shooters accuracy at greater distances, engaging targets sooner and enhancing the safety of American  troops, DARPA said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Smart bullets" equipped with optical sensors pass their most successful round of tests.
The system has been developed by DARPA's Extreme Accuracy Tasked Ordnance program.
The smart bullets will also help shooters who are trying to hit targets in high winds.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 561, Total accepted tokens: 561, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Sarah Brady, who with her husband, James Brady, pushed for stricter gun control laws, including the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act, died Friday, her family said. Brady, 73, died of pneumonia, the family said. "Sarah courageously stepped up after Jim was shot to prevent others from enduring what our family has gone through, and her work has saved countless lives," their statement said. James Brady, President Ronald Reagan's press secretary, was shot in the head by John Hinckley Jr. during his attempt to assassinate Reagan in 1981. Brady spent the rest of his life in a wheelchair, advocating against gun violence. He died in August. Sarah Brady was also involved in gun violence prevention for the past 30 years. She was the chairwoman of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence and the Brady Center to Prevent Gun Violence from 2000 until she died. The National Rifle Association said its thoughts and prayers were with the Brady family. "Although we disagreed on public policy, Sarah Brady was an honorable American who we always respected," the gun rights organization said. People we've lost in 2015 . On the Brady Campaign's website, she said she got involved in gun control after her young son picked up what she thought was a toy gun on the seat of a friend's pickup. Her son started to wave it around and she took it from him. It was not a toy, she said, and she fumed over what she imagined could have happened. The loaded gun was much like the one used to shoot her husband. "It just hit me like a ton of bricks," she told CNN in 2013. "So I asked Jim if he felt comfortable with me speaking out, and he said, 'Of course.'" After that, the Bradys made it their business to be gun control activists. Despite budgets that were just a fraction of the gun lobby's, the Bradys and their colleagues helped pass federal and state laws, including Maryland's 1988 ban on cheap handguns known as Saturday night specials, 1993's Brady law requiring background checks on certain kinds of gun purchases and a ban on manufacturing and future sales of some military-style firearms, which lasted from 1994 to 2004. Read Sarah Brady's 2014 op-ed for CNN.com . Former President Bill Clinton, who signed the Brady bill in 1993, and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a joint statement Saturday that the Bradys "were fierce champions of sensible gun legislation." Sarah Brady "transformed tragedy into a courageous campaign, and because of her work and her remarkable life, American families are safer today," the Clintons said. Brady Campaign and Center President Dan Gross said in a written statement that few people are responsible for saving as many lives as Sarah and James Brady. "Our nation has lost a great hero, and I have lost a dear friend," he said. "I am certain that she would want nothing more than to know we are carrying on her and Jim's legacy with the same fiery compassion and dedication that made her so remarkable." Sen Charles Schumer, a New York Democrat who helped write the Brady bill, concurred. "She was strong and forceful, sweet and kind, and someone I considered a friend and patriot for decades," he said. "She was a true hero and will be missed by America." James Brady was one of four people wounded in Reagan's shooting outside a Washington hotel. Suffering a head wound, it was erroneously reported at one point that Brady had died. He was, however, left partially paralyzed. Reagan, severely wounded as well, also survived the attack and served two terms as President. Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the shooting and has spent the ensuing years in a psychiatric hospital. The Brady bill was fiercely fought over for seven years before Congress approved it and President Bill Clinton signed it into law in 1993. CNN's Kevin Bohn and Thom Patterson contributed to this story.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sarah Brady died of pneumonia, family says.
She was chairwoman of the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence.
She was involved in gun violence prevention for the past 30 years.
President Clinton, Hillary Clinton say she was "a true hero"
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 562, Total accepted tokens: 562, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Nairobi, Kenya (CNN)Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto on Saturday gave the United Nations' refugee agency three months to relocate refugees from the Dadaab camp -- the world's largest -- to Somalia, or "we shall relocate them ourselves." "The way America changed after 9/11 is the way Kenya will change after Garissa," Ruto said in Nyeri, according to a statement from his office. Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College in eastern Kenya this month, killing 147 people. Kenya's government says that attack was masterminded by senior Al-Shabaab leader Mohamed Mohamud, whose "extensive terrorist network within Kenya" extends into the sprawling Dadaab complex, according to a Kenyan government document given to CNN. Students wake to Islamist militants' terror . Ruto, who is the second highest-ranking person in Kenya's government behind President Uhuru Kenyatta, said his government has had discussions with United Nations officials about what to do with the camp. On Saturday, a U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees officer said the agency had not received any formal request from Kenya's government about moving Dadaab. The U.N. refugee agency manages the Dadaab complex, having set up the first camps there in late 1991 amid Somalia's civil war. The agency and the governments of both Kenya and Somalia agreed in 2013 on a process for the repatriation of Somali refugees. But that was supposed to be mutually agreed-upon and voluntary, in accordance with the refugees' "freely expressed wish and their relevant knowledge of the conditions" where they'd end up, according to the pact. None of those things, it seems, applies now to the move pushed by Ruto on Saturday. It's not clear where he expects the refugees to go, other than somewhere into Somalia and out of Kenya. Any mass move would be a monumental task, disrupting the already difficult lives of more than 600,000 Somalis who call the camp their home. Simply meeting basic needs is a challenge in the vast complex, which has seen devastating droughts, contagious diseases and other travails that have tested its residents and those trying to help. Still, as tough as conditions there are, they are seen as a better alternative to life back in Somalia, where Al-Shabaab is based and has carried out violent attacks for years. Yet the Islamist extremist group hasn't confined its terror to its homeland, as illustrated by the Garissa attack and the 2013 siege of Nairobi's upscale Westgate Mall, which ended with at least 67 dead. The Dadaab complex came under government scrutiny after the Westgate Mall attack, too. But just a few weeks later, CNN's Nima Elbagir managed to go from Somalia to the Dadaab refugee camp undetected by taking one of the panya, or "rat routes," just like many others have done, Al-Shabaab sympathizers among them. Such illicit travel along porous borders as well as police officers' willful ignorance of migrants' fake IDs, as acknowledged by then-Interior Minister Ole Lemku, illustrates Kenya's challenge in keeping out threats from Somalia. That's why, in addition to moving the Dadaab camp, Kenya is building of a 435-mile (700-kilometer) wall covering most of the Somali border from Mandera to Kiunga -- a wall that Ruto says has begun to prevent Al-Shabaab elements from getting into Kenya. The deputy president also vowed that any businesses collaborating with the militant group will be shut down. These measures are in addition to Kenyan airstrikes on Al-Shabaab camps in Somalia in the days after the Garissa massacre. "We must secure this country at whatever cost, even if we lose business with Somalia," Ruto said Saturday. "No politics, no games, no half-measures should apply, as the death of the 147 students must touch all Kenyans." CNN's Lillian Leposo reported from Nairobi, and CNN's Greg Botelho reported and wrote this story from Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kenyan Deputy President William Ruto says U.N. agency has not received request.
Ruto says he has had discussions with U.N. officials about what to do with the camp.
Ruto says he expects refugees to go to Somalia, out of Kenya.
Kenya is building a 435-mile wall covering most of the Somali border.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 563, Total accepted tokens: 563, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Greenpeace activists have climbed aboard a Shell oil rig to protest the company's plans to drill in the Arctic near Alaska. The six protesters used ropes and harnesses Monday to scale the huge platform in the Pacific Ocean, tweeting images of their daunting climb as they went. "We made it! We're on Shell's platform. And we're not alone," wrote Aliyah Field, an American activist taking part in the protest. "Everyone can help turn this into a platform for people power!" The rig, the Polar Pioneer, is on its way to the Arctic via Seattle. The environmental activists caught up with it about 750 miles northwest of Hawaii, Greenpeace said. They plan to occupy the underside of the rig's main deck and say they have enough supplies to stay there for several days. Shell didn't immediately respond to CNN's request for comment late Monday. But company spokeswoman Kelly Op De Weegh told Agence France-Presse that the boarding was illegal and jeopardized the safety of the activists and the crew. Greenpeace is furious over a decision last week by U.S. authorities to lift the suspensions on leases to drill for oil and gas in the Chukchi Sea, which lies between northern Alaska and Russia. Shell and several other oil companies bought exploration leases for the sea in 2008. The U.S. government's decision "means that in 100 days, Shell could begin drilling in the Alaskan Arctic," Greenpeace said. Federal agencies still have to review and approve companies' plans before exploratory drilling can start. Shell's work in the Arctic has suffered some setbacks in the past, including a drilling barge that ran aground off southern Alaska on December 31, 2012. Greenpeace has repeatedly used the occupation of drilling-related vessels to bring attention to its cause. One group of its activists was detained for months by Russian authorities in 2013. In the current episode, the activists pursued the Polar Pioneer, which Shell is leasing from Transocean, as it traveled thousands of miles aboard a transport vessel from Malaysia, Greenpeace said. Besides the American protester Field, the activists come from Australia, Austria, Germany, New Zealand and Sweden. The U.S. Coast Guard wasn't immediately available for comment late Monday on the incident. CNN's Dave Alsup contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Greenpeace activists climb aboard a Shell oil rig to protest Arctic drilling.
Activists plan to stay on rig for several days.
Activists are angry over U.S. decision to lift suspensions on leases to drill for oil and gas.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 564, Total accepted tokens: 564, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)In Russia's tightly-managed democracy, where being an opposition politician can seriously damage your health, chances to question the country's leader are rare. President Vladimir Putin cuts an isolated figure, closely guarded behind the walls of the Kremlin, traveling to-and-fro by helicopter or high-speed motorcade. His almost daily appearances on state television often show him in formal meetings with subordinates, or visiting dignitaries. Interaction with ordinary Russians is usually carefully controlled and fleeting. That is why this annual Q&A session -- in which Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television -- is such a widely anticipated event which provokes such excitement. It is direct access to the Russian leader, or at least as direct as most Russians will ever get. In recent years, sitting in a shiny studio surrounded by a hand-picked audience of soldiers, doctors, teachers, factory workers and so on, Putin has held forth on subjects from parenting to food prices, to relations with America. Last year he spoke for three hours and 55 minutes. In 2013, it was a record-breaking 4 hours and 47 minutes. Organizers say this year, public interest is especially strong. At one call center in Moscow, where the public are encouraged to pitch their Putin questions, officials say more than 200,000 questions were submitted in the first hour after lines opened. The Kremlin says they will have to sift through well over 1.7 million emails, video messages and texts to decide who gets to ask what on the big day. A few would-be questions released ahead of the event give us a flavor of what's on Russia's mind. One man, who identifies himself as Vitaly from the Leningrad region, asks: "Vladimir Vladimirovich (Putin's middle name), why are prices going up in the shops but wages are staying the same?" Sanctions and Russia's deep economic crisis, which saw the value of the Russian currency, the ruble, plunge in value by 50% against the dollar, is set to be a major a theme. So too is foreign policy. With Moscow at odds with the West over Ukraine, some of the released questions show how concerned ordinary Russians are about their country's place in the world. One unidentified schoolgirl asks: "Is there a threat to Russia's interests from the United States and Europe? And will there be a new Iron Curtain?" It's not just Russian schoolchildren who want to hear Putin's answer. Critics of the Kremlin, of course, slam this entire event as Russia's imitation of democracy in action. It's hard to imagine a truly critical question, they say, getting aired on national television here. In fact, its best not to look at this event as an opportunity for Russians to question their leader at all. Instead, it is more like a highly produced, highly choreographed chance for their leader to speak to them, and to the world. Sometimes, the Kremlin likes to throw in a nasty surprise, too. Last year saw NSA whistleblower, Edward Snowden, granted asylum in Russia, address Putin by videolink. Who knows who may pop up this time.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Putin will spend hours fielding questions from the general public on live television.
Putin has held forth on subjects from parenting to food prices.
Organizers say this year, public interest is especially strong.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 565, Total accepted tokens: 565, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The Solar Impulse 2, the experimental plane attempting to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel, has been grounded by the weather in China. What was supposed to be an overnight pit stop in the southwestern city of Chongqing has now stretched into a two-and-a-half week stay. It's an unexpected layover that is testing the patience of the pilots and more than 60 team members, just a quarter of the way along a journey that will cover some 35,000 kilometers (21,748 miles) over five months. "You can believe that your will can influence the weather," says pilot Bertrand Piccard, who comes from a long family line of explorers.  But "then you'll be really disappointed because it doesn't work. "Or you just know that it's an adventure you do with the forces of nature." Piccard, along with Andre Borschberg, a Swiss engineer, are taking turns flying the single-seater aircraft, which took off from Abu Dhabi on March 9 and has successfully flown through Oman, India, and Myanmar. There is much at stake. Their mission, which the pilots say is aimed at proving the power of renewable energy, and inspiring innovation, has been 12 years in the making. In many ways, it has become Piccard and Borschberg's raison d'etre. But so far, the Solar Impulse 2 has been spending a lot of time on the ground. The latest setback came when a Thursday takeoff was canceled, because the cross winds in Nanjing, the plane's destination, were forecast to be too strong around its expected landing time. Because of its weight, at just 2,300 kilograms -- about the same as a large SUV -- the aircraft needs near perfect weather conditions, including cross winds of less than 4 knots, or about 7 kilometers an hour, in order to fly. While the team is used to waiting, they are clearly eager to move on. "Our boss is the sun," says Solar Impulse spokeswoman Claudia Durgnat. Durgnat says there may be a tiny window ahead, with the next possible departure from Chongqing on Tuesday. "It's not good before, and the days after don't look very clear." Even with the delay, Durgnat says, the plane technically isn't behind schedule. That's because the team needs to wait until the end of the month for the northern hemisphere days to get longer, before the plane can venture across the Pacific Ocean to Hawaii. With more than 17,000 solar cells along the tops of its wings and fuselage, the Solar Impulse 2 stores up energy during the day, in order to power the motors that carry it through the night, typically at speeds no faster than a car on a highway. Inside a specially constructed tent at the end of the runway at Chongqing International Airport, a skeleton team of less than a dozen people works to complete the day's tasks. The rest of the crew has been waiting for weeks in Nanjing. Even with the extended stay, no time is wasted. Piccard spends a few hours of the afternoon in the cockpit, training to prepare for the Solar Impulse's crossings over the Pacific and Atlantic Ocean, what the team calls "the moment of truth." The plane will then return to Abu Dhabi, where it had taken off. Nearby, two technicians repair a couple of the flight computers, which display critical information in the cockpit, punching extra holes in their casings so they don't overheat. Meanwhile, Borschberg has returned to Switzerland to rest and get medical treatment for a migraine and a skin condition. The team expects him back in China early next week. Borschberg is still scheduled to fly first leg of the Pacific crossing, which could last up to five days and nights. "The airplane is ready. The mission control center is ready. We've been waiting for that moment since so long," says Piccard. Borschberg and Piccard, who piloted an earlier version of the plane across the U.S. in 2013, are no strangers to adventure. Borschberg is a former fighter pilot, and Piccard was part of the first team to circumnavigate the earth nonstop in a balloon in 1999.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Solar Impulse 2 has been grounded by the weather in China.
The plane is scheduled to fly around the world without using a drop of fuel.
The plane is taking off from Abu Dhabi on March 9.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 566, Total accepted tokens: 566, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Beijing (CNN)A day after the Chinese government released five young feminists on bail, their families and supporters expressed mixed emotions on the unexpected development. Wei Tingting, Wang Man, Zheng Churan, Li Tingting and Wu Rongrong were freed from the Haidian Detention Center on the outskirts of Beijing late Monday. The five activists on women's rights -- aged from 25 to 32 -- were picked up by police in three different cities just before March 8, the International Women's Day. They had been planning a campaign against sexual harassment on public transportation. "I'm still speechless and don't know how to react," tweeted Li's girlfriend Suan Xiaola to the couple's friends upon hearing the news. "No tears, no ecstasy... just wondering what we're going to do next." "I can't hide my happiness for the women but being released on bail is not the end of their ordeal," echoed Li's lawyer Yan Xin on Chinese social media. "Without closing their cases, they still can't live without shackles -- we'll have our work cut out for us." Police had recommended last week that prosecutors press charges of "assembling a crowd to disturb public order," which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison. The women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation and may face charges in the future, Wu's lawyer Liang Xiaojun told CNN. They will be under surveillance for a year with their movements and activities restricted, and police can summon them for questioning at any time, Liang added. "This shouldn't be a moment of celebration," he said. "The arbitrary detention and release of these women really shows the backwardness of China's legal system." Under China's household registration system, only Li is considered a Beijing resident. Police sent the other four back to their hometowns, disrupting their work and lives, according to the women's lawyers. Many have called the five members of Women's Rights Action Group trailblazers. Staging their protests through performance art or flash mobs, they highlighted feminist causes ranging from fighting domestic violence, gender equality at work, to more female public bathrooms -- drawing nationwide attention and even state media praise. Their detention had drawn widespread condemnation, including from the United States. "Each and every one of us has the right to speak out against sexual harassment and the many other injustices that millions of women and girls suffer around the world," said John Kerry, the U.S. Secretary of State, in a statement Friday. "We strongly support the efforts of these activists to make progress on these challenging issues, and we believe that Chinese authorities should also support them, not silence them." Kerry's predecessor Hillary Clinton -- a longtime champion of women's rights who just announced her bid for the U.S. presidency -- called the jailing of the feminists "inexcusable" on Twitter, joining the "free the five" hashtag campaign. China had rejected all international criticisms, insisting it's a country ruled by law and that its judicial sovereignty be respected. Supporters of the woman activists, however, sense the chilling effect of their ordeal on China's nascent civil society, as the ruling Communist Party under President Xi Jinping continues to tighten its grip over the country. "Of course people will feel more afraid," said Wei's lawyer Wang Qiushi. "Women's rights is among the most politically correct issues in China -- now even those who took up that cause ended up in jail."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Five women released from Haidian Detention Center on Monday.
Police had recommended prosecutors press charges of "assembling a crowd to disturb public order"
Women are still considered suspects in an ongoing criminal investigation.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 567, Total accepted tokens: 567, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Panama City (CNN)This was the handshake that shook the Western Hemisphere. President Obama briefly met his Cuban counterpart, Raul Castro, on Friday night at a dinner for the dozens of Latin American leaders convening in Panama City for the Summit of the Americas. This was historic. The two nations have barely been on speaking terms -- officially -- for more than 50 years. The meeting was so important that Bernadette Meehan, National Security Council spokesperson, issued a statement: "At the Summit of the Americas this evening, President Obama and President Castro greeted each other and shook hands." Cuba and the United States had endured a half-century of enmity, the tension worsened by the two nations being only 90 miles apart. Key events of those years include some of the most traumatic in modern U.S. history, such as the Cuban Missile Crisis, the Bay of Pigs and the Mariel boatlift of 1980. But the two leaders have been building up to the historic face-to-face. Obama spoke by phone Wednesday with the Cuban leader before heading to Panama. They met Friday at the dinner and are expected to spend a lot more time together on Saturday when the summit begins in earnest. Obama arrived in Panama late Thursday for the conference, which in years past was tinged with animosity at Cuba's exclusion. Moments after Marine One, Obama's helicopter, touched down in Panama City, Castro's plane landed on the same tarmac. Panamanian television carried both arrivals live. During their phone call Wednesday, Obama and Castro discussed the ongoing process of normalizing relations between the United States and Cuba, according to Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes. He said it "made sense" for the two leaders to communicate before their anticipated interactions Friday and Saturday. Those run-ins will represent the highest-level talks between the United States and Cuba since a meeting between then-Vice President Richard Nixon and then-Prime Minister Fidel Castro in 1959. "We're in new territory here," Rhodes said on Friday. "The reason we're here is that the President strongly believes that an approach that was focused totally on isolation, focused totally on seeking to cut off the Cuban people from the United States of America had failed." Obama was expecting a warm welcome from the dozens of countries represented at the conference, after announcing in December he was seeking to engage Havana in talks over reopening embassies and removing barriers to commerce and travel. In Panama, Obama is expected to announce he's removing Cuba from the United States' list of countries that sponsor terrorism, a major advance in building diplomatic ties between the two countries. The State Department delivered its report on the designation to the White House on Wednesday; Obama said on Thursday a panel of experts was reviewing it before he makes a final determination. The White House isn't ruling out a final decision before Obama leaves Panama late Saturday night. In remarks during a brief stopover in Jamaica on Thursday, Obama strongly hinted he was ready to remove Cuba from the list, which also includes Iran, Sudan and Syria. "Throughout this process, our emphasis has been on the facts," Obama said. "So we want to make sure that given that this is a powerful tool to isolate those countries that genuinely do support terrorism, that when we make those designations we've got strong evidence that, in fact, that's the case." "As circumstances change, then that list will change as well," he said. While some inside Cuba have expressed dissatisfaction at the pace of the diplomatic thaw, U.S. officials say they're pleased at the progress toward re-establishing diplomatic ties, which the White House argues has helped improve relations with other countries in the region. Obama said in Jamaica he "never foresaw that immediately overnight everything would transform itself." The overtures to Cuba have not been universally popular in the United States; some lawmakers were irate that Obama was seeking to engage what they regard as a corrupt government. Even as Obama landed in Panama the long-standing tensions between pro- and anti-Castro activists was on full display. Dissidents opposed to Castro's regime were violently accosted earlier this week by supporters of the Cuban government. Rhodes said the White House had "expressed serious concerns" about the violence and would continue to speak in support of human rights reforms on the island.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Obama and Castro meet at Summit of the Americas in Panama.
Meeting is historic, as two nations have barely been on speaking terms for 50 years.
Obama spoke by phone with the Cuban leader before heading to Panama.
Obama is expected to announce he's removing Cuba from the U.S. list of countries that sponsor terrorism.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 568, Total accepted tokens: 568, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The lawyer for a Baltimore community activist whose arrest was broadcast live on CNN said Thursday morning that his client had been released from jail. As viewers watched, Joseph Kent held his hands up and walked in front of a phalanx of police Tuesday night after a citywide curfew had started. Seconds later, several officers in riot gear rushed out of their line and arrested him, just as a Humvee passed between the camera and the police, making social media churn with questions about what happened to Kent. Attorney Stephen Patrick Beatty confirmed he is representing Kent. He was still trying to get in touch with his client after Kent was released. "He wanted me to tell people most that he doesn't want violence in his name," Beatty told CNN's Don Lemon on Wednesday night. The incident unfolded live on CNN about 40 minutes after the 10 p.m. curfew went into effect and as authorities tried to prevent the kind of rioting -- part of protests over the death of Freddie Gray -- that plagued the city Monday. Kent was being held on a charge of curfew violation, according to the Maryland Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services. People on Twitter continued to circulate the name of Kent, a young activist, making #JosephKent and #WhereIsJosephKent hot topics. Investigators made 10 arrests in Baltimore on Tuesday night, city Police Commissioner Anthony Batts said. Seven were for curfew violations, he said. Beatty said he met with Kent on Wednesday afternoon. "He said he's physically OK, not injured. He's safe in there," Beatty said. But even though more than 100 people who had been held at the city's booking center were released earlier in the day, Kent was not one of them. Beatty initially checked on Kent's status, despite not officially representing him. He said Kent was just trying to help with getting people to go home when he was arrested. "He went out there to try to settle things down because he had seen what happened in this city previously," Beatty said. "And the last thing he wanted was any more violence, and he was trying to stop it." Kent once was employed as an intern, through an outside company, at Morgan State University's Entrepreneurial Development and Assistance Center, the school said Wednesday. But Kent is not a student there and, as far as the school can tell, never has been, MSU spokesman Clint Coleman said. A woman who answered the phone at the EDAC said that no one there was available to talk about Kent and that she'd have no further comment. In November, the Baltimore City Paper ran a story about Kent, then 21, and his participation in Baltimore protests over a grand jury's decision not to indict a police officer in the August shooting of teenager Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri. He helped lead protesters who walked through Morgan State's campus and eventually to City Hall on November 25, the newspaper reported. "Everyone knows me at Morgan already, organizing and making sure everything (is) running the correct way and peaceful and everything like that," he said, according to the City Paper's article. "So, everybody already knows I'm going to do things the right way, so when everybody else and community people and civilians and people who joined and saw that the Morgan students were looking up to it, before you knew it, the whole city was on my back and I was just carrying the whole city." Complete coverage on the Baltimore protests . CNN's Justin Lear, Evan Perez, Elan Bird and AnneClaire Stapleton contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Lawyer for activist says he is representing Joseph Kent.
Kent was being held on a charge of curfew violation.
Kent was released from jail Tuesday night.
Kent was arrested during a citywide curfew.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 569, Total accepted tokens: 569, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The people of Nepal are still trying to recover from two major earthquakes and a mudslide.   Each day is a struggle in many parts of of the country, but there is something you can do to make an impact. We have vetted a list of organizations working in Nepal that have created specific funds for relief efforts, including: . -- Nepal Red Cross Society . -- ActionAid USA . -- Action Against Hunger . --  Adventist Development and Relief Agency International . --  American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee . -- The American Jewish World Service . -- AmeriCares . -- CARE . -- Catholic Relief Services . -- ChildFund International . -- Concern Worldwide . -- Convoy of Hope . -- Direct Relief . -- dZi Foundation . -- Empower Generation . -- Global Giving . -- Habitat for Humanity . -- Handicap International . -- Himalayan HealthCare . -- International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies . -- International Medical Corps . -- International Relief Teams . -- Islamic Relief USA . -- Jewish Federations of North America . -- Lutheran World Relief . -- MAP International . -- Medical Teams International . -- MercyCorps . -- NFCC International . -- Operation Blessing International . -- Operation USA . -- Oxfam International . -- Plan International . -- Real Medicine Foundation . -- Save the Children . -- The Salvation Army . -- Samaritan's Purse . -- Seva Foundation . -- Shelterbox . -- Team Rubicon . -- UNICEF . -- WaterAid . -- The World Food Programme . -- World Vision .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nepal Red Cross Society, ActionAid USA, Action Against Hunger.
Adventist Development and Relief Agency International, American Jewish World Service.
AmeriCares, CARE, Catholic Relief Services, ChildFund International.
Concern Worldwide, Convoy of Hope, Direct Relief, dZi Foundation.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 570, Total accepted tokens: 570, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)SpaceX on Tuesday launched a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft called Dragon on a flight from Cape Canaveral, Florida, to the International Space Station. That was the easy part. In a difficult bid to land a rocket stage on a floating barge for the first time, the private space exploration company  was unsuccessful. SpaceX founder Elon Musk tweeted: "Ascent successful. Dragon enroute to Space Station. Rocket landed on droneship, but too hard for survival." He later clarified that the rocket landed, but tipped over. SpaceX tried to land a Falcon 9 on the drone ship in January, but the rocket hit at an angle and exploded. SpaceX has said it will keep trying and, after it masters landing at sea, hopes to someday land rockets on the ground. Usually booster rockets burn up in Earth's atmosphere or, like NASA's space shuttle boosters, they fall back into the ocean. So why try to land one? Musk wants to cut costs. On his company's website, he says that if anyone can figure out how to "reuse rockets just like airplanes, the cost of access to space will be reduced by as much as a factor of a hundred." What about the rest of the rocket and the Dragon? The smaller, top part of the rocket will carry the Dragon into orbit and then break away from the cargo ship and burn up in Earth's atmosphere. The Dragon will dock with the space station a couple of days after launch to deliver more than 4,300 pounds (1,950 kilograms) of supplies, including research equipment and ISSpresso, an espresso maker that astronauts can use to make coffee and tea. The space station crew will spend about five weeks unpacking the Dragon. They'll then stuff it with over 3,000 pounds of science experiments, trash and other stuff to send back to Earth. When they're done, Dragon will leave the space station and mission controllers will guide it to splashdown in the Pacific Ocean off California. This is the sixth SpaceX mission to the International Space Station. The company was the first private space contractor to dock with the station. Tuesday's launch was the second attempt for this mission. Monday's planned launch was scrubbed due to weather. CNN's Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: SpaceX launches a two-stage Falcon 9 rocket carrying an uncrewed cargo spacecraft.
The spacecraft is called Dragon and will dock with the space station.
The rocket landed on a floating barge, but SpaceX says it was too hard for survival.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 571, Total accepted tokens: 571, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The United Nations is appealing for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees who've fled to neighboring nations following militant attacks. Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast by attacking villages, schools, churches and mosques. It has also kidnapped students, including more than 200 schoolgirls abducted in April last year. A majority of them remain missing. The militants have attacked relentlessly for six years, sending 192,000 people seeking shelter in Cameroon, Niger and Chad. "Displaced people in northeastern Nigeria and across borders are in a very dramatic situation, they fear for their lives and are at this point unable to return to their homes," said Liz Ahua, who's coordinating Nigerian refugee efforts for the U.N. Aid agencies are scrambling to provide the refugees with clean water, shelter, food and access to education. "In the refugee camps, thousands of school-age refugee children cannot attend school because of lack of classrooms and teachers," Ahua said. Mental health needs are crucial to help the survivors of physical attacks and those who've witnessed violence, according to the U.N.  Some children are separated from their parents amid the trauma. "The conflict has had a devastating impact on children, including many who were forcibly recruited by the insurgents in Nigeria," Ahua said. The appeal encompasses the needs of 23 agencies and nongovernmental organizations helping the refugees. "Adequate funding is crucial to make sure aid agencies can improve the living conditions for refugees in asylum countries and respond to their protection needs," Ahua said. "We relocate refugees away from the conflict border areas, and establish additional refugee camps where needed." The Islamist group has said its aim is to impose a stricter form of Sharia law across Nigeria, which is split between a majority Muslim north and a mostly Christian south. An additional 1.2 million people are displaced within Nigeria as a result of the insurgency. CNN's Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: U.N. appeals for $174 million to help Nigerian refugees.
Boko Haram has killed thousands in the nation's northeast.
Militants have attacked relentlessly for six years.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 572, Total accepted tokens: 572, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)This week brought a dramatic turn of events in a small community outside of Detroit: A man bloodied during a traffic stop was cleared of all charges, the police officer who arrested the motorist is charged with beating him and the community's police chief has stepped down. On Monday, Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy announced charges of assault and mistreatment of a prisoner against William Melendez. He's the 49-year-old former Inkster, Michigan, police officer who is seen in police car dashcam video grabbing the unarmed motorist, Floyd Dent, around the neck while he lay on the ground and punching him several times in the head. "The alleged police brutality in this case cannot and will not be tolerated," Worthy said. On Wednesday, drug charges against Dent, 57, were formally dropped in Michigan Circuit Court, clearing the motorist of all wrongdoing. "He busted out crying and was very emotional," said Angela Martin, the assistant to Dent's attorney. In the wake of the reversal of fates, Police Chief Vicki Yost announced Wednesday her resignation, according to Inkster City Manager Richard Marsh. Marsh would not cite a specific reason for Yost's investigation, though she had been the face of the Police Department during the investigation into her former officer. In a statement, Dent and his attorney Greg Rohl told CNN: "We are all ecstatic, especially Mr. Dent. This is another step in the right direction. The system is still working, and we are very hopeful the prosecutor's net will catch even more fish in the near future." Yost did not respond to a request for comment. Dent, a veteran Ford automotive worker, was arrested after the January traffic stop on charges of drug possession, assaulting an officer and resisting arrest. With the court decision Wednesday, all charges from the arrest have been dropped. Melendez pleaded not guilty to the new charges brought against him in an arraignment Tuesday at Inkster District Court, according to his lawyer, David Lee. "We intend to vigorously contest the charges," Lee said. "I can understand how people might be disturbed by looking at [the video]; however; I hope everyone will withhold judgment until all the facts come out where they should in a court of law." Worthy's announcement came after the conclusion of two investigations into the incident by Michigan State Police and the Wayne County Prosecutor's Office. In the police report written after the January arrest, Melendez wrote that he hit Dent only after Dent had threatened him and bit him in the arm. Melendez wrote that as he approached the car, Dent kept his hands from view, looked at him "with a blank stare as if on a form of narcotic," and said, "I'll kill you." Dent told CNN at the time that he had never threatened nor bit the police officer. "I didn't bite anyone. I didn't have time to bite anyone. He was too busy pounding me in my head," Dent said. Rohl also alleged that the cocaine found at the scene had been planted by Melendez. "My client's fingerprints will not be on that bag," Rohl told WDIV.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Wayne County Prosecutor charges officer with assault, mistreatment of prisoner.
Police chief announces resignation after police officer's arrest.
Police officer grabbed Floyd Dent, a motorist, around the neck and punched him.
Dent was arrested after January traffic stop on charges of drug possession.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 573, Total accepted tokens: 573, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Atlanta  (CNN)Silently moving deep beneath the ocean's surface, combat submarines can employ the element of surprise to carry out devastating attacks on naval fleets and land targets. For decades, the U.S. military has maintained its dominance in the depths of the world's oceans by boasting the most technologically advanced submarine fleet. However, officials say China and other nations are rapidly expanding the size and scope of their own submarine forces. And, according to a report by the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments, the U.S. must rethink the role of manned submarines and prioritize new underwater detection techniques. "We know they are out experimenting and looking at operating, and clearly want to be in this world of advanced submarines," Vice Adm. Joseph Mulloy told the House Armed Services Committee's sea power subcommittee in February. Mulloy, who is deputy chief of naval operations for capabilities and resources, says Chinese submarines are still technologically inferior to those used by the United States, but that margin of difference is shrinking. Concern that China could match U.S. underwater capabilities in the near future has encouraged the development of an unmanned drone ship to independently track enemy ultra-quiet diesel electric submarines over thousands of miles to limit their tactical capacity for surprise. Initiated by a Pentagon research group called the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the Anti-Submarine Warfare Continuous Trail Vessel (ACTUV) would be able to operate under with little supervisory control but also as remotely controlled or piloted vessels, depending on the circumstances of specific missions. "We're looking for test-ready, multi-sensor approaches that push the boundaries of today's automated sensing systems for unmanned surface vessels," said Scott Littlefield, DARPA program manager. "Enhancing the ability of these kinds of vessels to sense their environment in all weather and traffic conditions, day or night, would significantly advance our ability to conduct a range of military missions." DARPA says the so-called drone ships will be 132 feet long and likely cost about $20 million, significantly less than the billion-dollar manned warships currently in use. The development of the ACTUV aligns with the "culture change" described by Navy Secretary Ray Mabus Tuesday at the Navy League's Sea Air Space symposium at National Harbor, Maryland. "Unmanned systems, particularly autonomous ones, have to be the new normal in ever-increasing areas," Maybus said. Maybus said new staff will be put into place to help streamline, coordinate and champion unmanned systems in "all domains." An ACTUV prototype vessel is already in production and, if testing is successful, the Navy could move to the next phase of development by 2018.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: U.S. must rethink the role of manned submarines, report says.
China and other nations are rapidly expanding submarine forces.
U.S. boasts most technologically advanced submarine fleet.
Report: U.S. must rethink the role of manned submarines.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 574, Total accepted tokens: 574, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Nobel literature laureate Guenter Grass, best known around the world for his novel "The Tin Drum," has died, his publisher said Monday. He was 87. Grass died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck, where he was taken over the weekend, said Steidl publishing spokeswoman Claudia Glenewinkel. German media are reporting he died of pneumonia. Grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide by exploring motifs from his childhood city of Danzig, which is now Gdansk, Poland. During the Nazi era, ethnic Poles and Jews were persecuted and deported from the multicultural city, at a time when they faced the possibility of mass murder. "In his excavation of the past, Günter Grass goes deeper than most and he unearths the intertwined roots of good and evil," the Nobel committee wrote, when it awarded him the literature prize in 1999. But Grass, an outspoken public figure, has sparked controversy in the last decade. In 2006, he confessed that at the age of 15, in 1943, he volunteered for military service in Germany's war of aggression and ended up in the notoriously bloody Waffen SS. Grass said he had no excuses for his choices back then, and that, as a teen, he may even have been excited about belonging to the unit, which he saw then as an elite group. A year later, he penned a detailed account in The New Yorker on how he spent his war years up to the death of German dictator Adolf Hitler. Three years ago, Grass drew controversy again, when he published a poem in a German newspaper discouraging Germany from selling more submarines to Israel. In "What must be said," Grass accused Germany of selling weapons to a potential aggressor out of guilt over the Holocaust. Grass said Israel could use nuclear weapons to kill masses of Iranians. German commentators pilloried him as subconsciously anti-Semitic. Israel invoked a visa ban, and then-Interior Minister Eli Yishai declared Grass a "persona non grata" in Israel, the Jerusalem Post reported. Grass' novel characters are the forgotten, the downtrodden and the weird, the Nobel committee said. And like Oskar Matzerath, the boy in "The Tin Drum," they often slip into surreal situations. This was a literary innovation, the committee said, which was furthered by other great authors, such as Gabriel Garcia Marquez, Nadine Gordimer and Salman Rushdie. On Monday, Rushdie tweeted about Grass' death:  "This is very sad. A true giant, inspiration, and friend." "The Tin Drum," which was published in 1959, "breaks the bounds of realism by having as its protagonist and narrator an infernal intelligence in the body of a three-year-old, a monster who overpowers the fellow human beings he approaches with the help of a toy drum," the Nobel committee wrote. The committee praised Grass' mastery of the German language and his ability to artfully exploit its possibilities of creating seemingly endless yet graceful sentences. Grass was an icon in contemporary German culture with an unchanging iconic look -- his broad mustache, his eyes gazing over the top of his glasses, a tobacco pipe a constant companion in hand. In his later years, he became known for his continuing critique of human history in the 20th century -- and of current events. As recently as March, Grass criticized the anti-Islam movement PEGIDA, Patriotic Europeans against the Islamization of the West. He used the opportunity fire a jab at government that he said was corrupted by money interests. "It's not Islam that threatens the Federal Republic (of Germany)," he said in an interview with rp-online.de, "but political lobbying. Democracy has decayed into fake democracy." Grass has also suggested that Germans should be forced to invite refugees from crisis regions to live in their homes as a way of offering more shelter to the world's destitute.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Guenter Grass died in a clinic in the city of Luebeck, where he was taken over the weekend.
Grass was 87.
Grass focused in much of his work on learning from the horror of war and genocide.
Grass said he had no excuses for his choices back then, and that he may have been excited.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 575, Total accepted tokens: 575, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tokyo (CNN)A former school principal in Japan says he paid for sex with more than 12,000 women -- some of them girls as young as 14 -- during repeated visits to the Philippines over more than a quarter of a century, according to police. Now, at the age of 64, he's facing criminal charges. Japanese police say they arrested the man, Yuhei Takashima, on Wednesday over allegations he photographed an obscene act with a girl of 13 or 14 and produced pornography in a hotel room in Manila, the Philippine capital. Police officers seized 147,600 photos that Takashima took of his activities over the years, said Takeshi Akimoto, the police officer in charge of crime involving minors in Kanagawa, a prefecture south of Tokyo. The pictures were kept in more than 400 photo albums, he said. Takashima, who comes from the city of Yokohama, told police that he began paying for sex with women in 1988 when he went to work at a Japanese school in Manila. He said that stepping outside of moral codes relieved the heavy pressure he felt at work, according to police. Takashima told police that he continued to pay for sex because it was so cheap. After the end of his three-year stint at the school in Manila, he frequently returned to the Philippines on vacations in order to buy sex. He said the ages of the prostitutes he hired ranged from 14 to over 70. The Philippines is a notorious destination for sex tourists, including pedophiles. The country's sex industry is tied to human trafficking and feeds off the high poverty rate. Akimoto, the police officer, said Takashima's case had been under investigation since 2013. The incident for which he was arrested is believed to have taken place in Manila in January 2014. Yokohama education authorities said that Takashima became a junior high school teacher in 1975 and was sent to work at the school in Manila between 1988 and 1991. He served as a junior high school principal from 2008 until his retirement in 2011. The education authorities said that the crime was very regrettable, if proven to be true, and that the city government works hard to try to prevent inappropriate actions. CNN's Yoko Wakatsuki reported from Tokyo, and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police arrest former school principal in Japan over allegations he photographed obscene act.
Police seized 147,600 photos that Takashima took of his activities over the years.
Police officers seized 147,600 photos that Takashima took of his activities over the years.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 576, Total accepted tokens: 576, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)When 65 cases of 20-year-old Pappy Van Winkle -- one of the rarest and most expensive bourbons in the world -- were reported missing from a Kentucky distillery in October 2013, it was the crime heard round the whiskey-drinking world. Franklin County Sheriff Pat Melton, the man leading the investigation into the estimated $26,000 in missing Pappy, said at the time that  the high-end heist was "indicative of an inside job." But ever since, the trail went largely cold. Until now. On Tuesday, a Franklin County grand jury indicted "nine members of a criminal syndicate that collaborated to promote or engage in the theft ... and illegal trafficking" of liquor from two different Kentucky distilleries: Frankfort's Buffalo Trace -- makers of Pappy -- and the nearby Wild Turkey Distillery, makers of the eponymous bourbon, according to the indictment. Just like making good bourbon -- a specific type of whiskey synonymous with the Bluegrass State --  Melton's case required time to develop and old-fashioned Kentucky ingenuity. The sheriff's hunch was reflected in the indictment: Of the nine named, two worked at Buffalo Trace and one worked at Wild Turkey. The alleged ringleader, according to Assistant Commonwealth Attorney Zach Becker, is Gilbert "Toby" Curtsinger, a 45-year-old loading dock worker at the Buffalo Trace Distillery. Curtsinger and his wife, Julie, each face eight charges for allegedly engaging in organized crime. Curtsinger -- who has worked at Buffalo Trace for more than 20 years -- was arrested in March after authorities, acting on a tip, found five barrels of bourbon behind a shed on his property, according to CNN affiliate WKYT. Those barrels, weighing more than 500 pounds each and worth up to $6,000 apiece, had recently been stolen from Wild Turkey, Melton told BourbonBlog.com's Tom Fischer. While an additional search warrant allegedly turned up illegal steroids from Curtsinger's home, there was no sign of any Pappy. "He doesn't know anything about (stolen Pappy Van Winkle)," his mother, Teresa Curtsinger, told CNN last month. In fact, she said, once he bonded out of jail, Curtsinger returned to his job at Buffalo Trace. However, according to Melton, "Curtsinger was involved in numerous thefts of Pappy Van Winkle, as well as Eagle Rare bourbon, both in bottles and barrels." Melton said Curtsinger distributed the highly coveted bourbon through a network of connections in his softball league. Teresa Curtsinger did not immediately return a message Tuesday.  But Gilbert Curtsinger's attorney, Whitney Lawson, told the Courier-Journal of Louisville, "we've been waiting patiently for this to happen. We're glad that if they're going to indict that they've indicted so we can get to work." At a press conference announcing the indictments, Melton got emotional as he described the tremendous amount of effort put into the investigation. "(Franklin County detectives) have done an absolute incredible job," he said as he choked back tears. "And I'm thrilled to have been a part of it." Fischer, the whiskey blogger, got a different kind of emotional tug from what flanked the sheriff: several hundred thousand dollars' worth of recovered booze -- including 20 cases of Pappy. Whether those 20 were among the 65 that vanished is not immediately known, but that didn't matter to Fischer. "On behalf of bourbon lovers everywhere, we are thrilled that the Pappy is back!"<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Franklin County sheriff: "He doesn't know anything about (stolen Pappy Van Winkle)"
Alleged ringleader is Gilbert "Toby" Curtsinger, a 45-year-old loading dock worker.
Alleged ringleader's wife, Julie, faces eight charges for allegedly engaging in organized crime.
Alleged ringleader's mother says he returned to Buffalo Trace after bond.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 577, Total accepted tokens: 577, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN)Throngs of protesters packed the streets of major Brazilian cities on Sunday, pushing for the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff. Fueled by mounting anger over a corruption scandal that has implicated politicians in Rousseff's party, demonstrators chanted "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change." Police estimated that 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo. A sea of protesters dressed in the green and yellow of the Brazilian flag used decades-old rallying cries to fire up their ranks, singing rock songs that date back to protests of the country's one-time military dictatorship. It's the second day of nationwide anti-government demonstrations in less than a month. And protesters vowed that it wouldn't be the last. There are a number of issues at play. One of the biggest: an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company Petrobras. Most of the politicians accused in the investigation belong to Rousseff's Workers Party and its allies. And during many of the years that the alleged corruption took place, Rousseff was the chairwoman of Petrobras. There hasn't been any evidence she was involved with the scheme, and her supporters say the position is merely a figurehead. Rousseff has defended Brazilians' right to protest and acknowledged the need to clean up corruption at Petrobras but denied any prior knowledge of the alleged kickback scheme. Brazilians are still outraged. Rousseff won re-election with just over 50% of the votes in October, but her approval rating plummeted to 13% after protests began last month. "Many things have changed since the election," Janaina, a protester in Sao Paulo, said on Sunday, noting that even some people who voted for Rousseff were in the crowd. Some protesters said they'd rather see Rousseff step down than push for impeachment, which could be difficult to push through without evidence tying the President directly to the corruption scandal. But Janaina said impeachment remained a realistic option. "Yes, it has to be," she said. "It's our last hope." CNN's Shasta Darlington reported from Sao Paulo. CNN's Marilia Brocchetto, Catherine E. Shoichet and Jessica King contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Demonstrators chanted "Out with Dilma" and "Time for change"
Police estimate 275,000 demonstrators marched in Sao Paulo.
Demonstrators vow that it won't be the last.
President Dilma Rousseff has been accused of corruption.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 578, Total accepted tokens: 578, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Working as a warden in Rwanda's Volcanoes National Park, home to the endangered mountain gorilla, Edwin Sabuhoro was determined to do whatever was necessary to protect the animals he was committed to defend -- including putting himself in harm's way. Following a series of incidents in 2004 where wildlife had been lost, Sabuhoro volunteered to infiltrate poachers on their own turf by disguising as a potential buyer for a baby gorilla. The mission was successful and the culprits were put to prison. "I felt so bad that I had put these people in jail -- but I felt so good that I saved a baby gorilla," recalls Sabuhoro, whose next move was to visit the jailed poachers, as well as their families, to apologize for tricking them and find the reasons behind their actions. What he heard was stories of starvation and desperation. Poaching, he found, was the only way for these people to survive. "That's when I decided that what I was doing was not part of giving a solution to what is wanted outside the park," says Sabuhoro. He quickly decided to quit the job and come up with an idea to help poachers make a living -- a plan that didn't include killing wildlife. "I thought of an idea of turning poachers to farmers," says Sabuhoro, who took all of his savings -- $2,000 -- and divided it to poachers to rent land, buy seeds and start farming. "I left them with that and they started farming, and when I came back six months after I found they had harvested enough -- they had enough food at home, but they were [also] selling more in the markets." But Sabuhoro wasn't finished. While talking to tourists who came to visit the volcanoes, Sabuhoro came up with an idea to capitalize on their interest in the area, and provide work for former poachers. "I started a tour company called Rwanda Eco Tours, and I said for tourism to thrive in the country we need eco-tourism where tourists can give back to the community and then the communities will have an incentive to conserve the park. So we built a cultural village in 2006 -- before we finished, we had tourists visiting us." he says. "In 2010, we got $30,000 net income from the cultural village and put this back to different activities in the village level." Sabuhoro, whose work with the cultural village has received international recognition, including a chance to briefly meet U.S. president Barack Obama as a Young African Leader, is now trying to take his idea further to other national parks across Africa where poaching is causing similar problems. "If we can work together, on a regional level, continent level, we can save these species," he says. "Because these are the last species that we have. And as human beings we can't afford to fail the wildlife." Watch this: Meeting the men who poach Rwanda's gorillas . Watch this: Flourishing community protects gorillas . More from African Voices .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Edwin Sabuhoro is a Rwandan warden in the park where mountain gorillas live.
He has come up with a plan to help the animals by helping the poachers.
He says he has seen the desperation of the poachers and has decided to help them.
He says he has seen the desperation of the poachers and has decided to help them.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 579, Total accepted tokens: 579, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)ISIS operatives have executed two groups of prisoners, believed to be Ethiopian Christians, in Libya, according to a video released Sunday by the terror network's media arm. The Ethiopian government confirmed Monday that 30 of its citizens were among the two groups, according to the Ethiopian News Agency. The al-Furqan Media video -- which is highly produced and titled "Until There Came to Them Clear Evidence" -- shows two groups of men, one in orange jumpsuits and the other in black, being killed at different locations in Libya, according to the video's narrator. One group is beheaded on a beach along the Mediterranean Sea, while the other group is shot in Southern Libya, hundreds of miles away. "All praise be to Allah, the Lord and cherisher of the world and may peace and blessings be upon the Prophet Mohammed. To the nation of the cross, we are back again on the sands, where the companions of the Prophet, peace be upon him, have stepped on before, telling you: Muslim blood that was shed under the hands of your religion is not cheap," the narrator says in Arabic on the 39-minute video. The narrator continues, "In fact, their blood is the purest blood because there is a nation behind them (which) inherits revenge. And we swear to Allah: the one who disgraced you by our hands, you will not have safety, even in your dreams, until you embrace Islam." Quoting Mohammed, the narrator says that those who "perform prayer and pay alms" will have "their blood and property" protected by the Prophet unless Islam dictates otherwise. "You pay (tax) with willing submission, feeling yourselves subdued. Our battle is a battle between faith and blasphemy, between truth and falsehood, until there is no more polytheism -- and obedience becomes Allah's on its entirety," the narrator says. Earlier in the video, a different speaker says Christians in the northern Iraqi city of Mosul were given the choice to embrace Islam or maintain their Christian faith and pay a tax. "The Islamic state has offered the Christian community this many times and set a deadline for this, but the Christians never cooperated," the speaker says. At the beginning of the video, a man who appears to be a judge in a court enforcing Islam's Sharia law holds up documents and says a Syrian Christian had owed a Syrian Muslim 550,000 Syrian pounds (about $2,900) since 2004, but the Muslim was unable to obtain the money under President Bashar al-Assad's regime. "After applying to the Islamic court he got his money back within one month," the man says. The law cited throughout the video comes from the Quran's Surah 9:29, whose exact translation is an area of dispute among religious scholars. The gist is that Muslims are commanded to fight those who don't believe in Allah or the Last Day (Islam's equivalent of Judgment Day) unless the nonbelievers pay a tax or tribute. In February, ISIS released a video of 21 Coptic Christians from Egypt being executed on a Libyan beach. Those captives, too, wore orange jumpsuits. In that video, released by al-Hayat Media Center, another ISIS media arm, a masked man references the killing of Osama bin Laden and his burial at sea. "The sea you have hidden Sheikh Osama bin Laden's body in, we swear to Allah, we will mix it with your blood," he threatens in English. CNN's Anas Hamdan, Christine Theodorou and Brian Walker contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: 30 of Ethiopia's citizens are among the two groups.
Al-Furqan Media video shows two groups of men being killed in Libya.
One group is beheaded on a beach along the Mediterranean Sea.
The other group is shot in Southern Libya, hundreds of miles away.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 580, Total accepted tokens: 580, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)As art, film stills are often overlooked. The photographers tend to be anonymous; it's easy to imagine their work done by the director or cinematographer. Their images are often lumped in with the promotional machinery: Whether documenting the stars frolicking on set or getting down to business, it's just another form of salesmanship. Which is why the work of Ernst Haas is so striking. Haas, one of the 20th century's great photojournalists and image-makers -- an early member of the great Magnum Photos cooperative who was famous enough in his prime to have been the subject of a Museum of Modern Art exhibit in 1962 -- was also a regular on movie sets. It was a necessity in those early days, said John Jacob, the editor of a new book of Haas' movie photography, "Ernst Haas: On Set." "Working on film sets was really important to Magnum, and all of the photographers working with Magnum in the '50s did films," says Jacob, now the McEvoy Family Curator for Photography at the Smithsonian American Art Museum. Not only did the work pay off financially, but the photographers also established relationships with members of the industry, he said. And the stars and directors knew what they were getting: some of the best in the field. Photographers such as Haas were entrusted to bring their talent and style to the work. The photographers "are definitely producing work for posterity, that very much has their own fingerprint on it," Jacob said. Such distinction is obvious from looking at Haas' work -- some of which is as famous as the movies he worked on. There's a striking picture of Orson Welles in 1949's "The Third Man," hemmed in by the darkness in a way that suggests the shadowy themes of the classic film. Another, of Gregory Peck and Chuck Connors in 1958's "The Big Country," is as dramatic as any full-scale movie duel. (Westerns were a specialty.) But Haas also has a way of documenting the artificiality of film work, whether it's capturing the sprawling, workaday set of 1965's "The Greatest Story Ever Told" or snapping a relaxed picture of Barbara Streisand as Dolly Levi in 1969's "Hello, Dolly!" Social media . Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography. The former is particularly interesting: an image of actors splayed on crosses for the crucifixion scene, surrounded by ladders, a camera crane, a painted scrim and several casually dressed crew members. Jacob observes that in each of Haas' images there's an eye for the unusual. The black-and-white work from "The Greatest Story Ever Told," for example, is almost prayerful, while the color images call attention to the artificiality of film. And some of Haas' other color images, especially his work for 1961's "West Side Story," fit in neatly with others in his catalog, as Haas was known for an impressionistic blur of hues that Jacob calls "the Haas effect." Haas died in 1986, and despite being celebrated during his life, his name is somewhat forgotten these days. Jacob hopes that "Ernst Haas: On Set" reminds people just what a master he was. "A lot of these are familiar images, but you don't necessarily associate them with Haas," he said. "On the other hand, people who know Haas well don't actually know this work, because it was work for hire and wasn't ever put together in this way before." Ernst Haas was an Austrian photographer who passed away in 1986. He was a member of Magnum Photos.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ernst Haas was a photojournalist and image-maker who worked on movies.
His images are striking and often overlooked.
His work is as famous as the movies he worked on.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 581, Total accepted tokens: 581, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Like phone booths and typewriters, record stores are a vanishing breed -- another victim of the digital age. Camelot Music. Virgin Megastores. Wherehouse Music. Tower Records. All of them gone. Corporate America has largely abandoned brick-and-mortar music retailing to a scattering of independent stores, many of them in scruffy urban neighborhoods. And that's not necessarily a bad thing. Yes, it's harder in the Spotify era to find a place to go buy physical music. But many of the remaining record stores are succeeding -- even thriving -- by catering to a passionate core of customers and collectors. On Saturday, hundreds of music retailers will hold events to commemorate Record Store Day, an annual celebration of, well, your neighborhood record store. Many stores will host live performances, drawings, book signings, special sales of rare or autographed vinyl and other happenings. Some will even serve beer. To their diehard customers, these places are more than mere stores: They are cultural institutions that celebrate music history (the entire Duran Duran oeuvre, all in one place!), display artifacts (Aretha Franklin on vinyl!), and nurture the local music scene (hey, here's a CD by your brother's metal band!). They also employ knowledgeable clerks who will be happy to debate the relative merits of "Blood on the Tracks" and "Blonde on Blonde." Or maybe, like Jack Black in "High Fidelity," just mock your lousy taste in music. So if you're a music geek, drop by. But you might think twice before asking if they stock "I Just Called to Say I Love You."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Record stores are a vanishing breed -- another victim of the digital age.
Many of the remaining record stores are succeeding -- even thriving.
Record Store Day will be held on Saturday.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 582, Total accepted tokens: 582, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Cairo (CNN)An Egyptian court has sentenced 71 people to life in prison for their role in the August 2013 burning of a Christian church in the Giza province village of Kafr Hakim, state news reports. The Virgin Mary Church was torched and looted by a mob, some of whom chanted against Coptic Christians and called for Egypt to become an "Islamic state," one of at least 42 churches and many more businesses and homes targeted that August, the advocacy group Human Rights Watch reports. Others attacked included St. George Church in Sohag, a city south of Cairo on the Nile River, and Prince Tadros Church in Fayoum, which is southwest of Cairo, according to reports. In addition to those getting life sentences, two minors were sentenced to 10 years in prison and fined 10,000 Egyptian pounds (about $1,300), Egypt's official Egynews reported. Most of those sentenced -- 52 of the 73 defendants -- were tried in absentia, with 21 already in prison, according to Egynews. Some blamed the church and other attacks on supporters of the Muslim Brotherhood, the Islamist movement that backed Mohamed Morsy. Morsy became Egypt's first democratically elected president following the ouster of longtime leader Hosni Mubarak. Morsy was pushed out by Egypt's military. Morsy was sentenced to 20 years in prison earlier this month after being convicted on charges related to violence outside the presidential palace in December 2012. But he was acquitted of murder in the deaths of protesters. Christian churches across Egypt stormed, torched . Journalist Sarah Sirgany reported from Cairo and CNN's Greg Botelho reported and wrote this story from Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Egyptian court sentences 71 people to life in prison for their role in burning church.
Church was torched and looted by a mob, Human Rights Watch reports.
Church was one of 42 churches and many more businesses and homes targeted.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 583, Total accepted tokens: 583, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)An Oklahoma reserve sheriff's deputy accused of fatally shooting a man he says he meant to subdue with a Taser pleaded not guilty Tuesday to a charge of second-degree manslaughter. At the hearing, the judge granted Robert Bates permission to go to the Bahamas for a family vacation. That decision prompted a response from the family of Eric Harris, the man Bates killed. "We are not surprised that Mr. Bates pled not guilty.  We are, however, surprised that Mr. Bates would choose to go on a vacation to the Bahamas during this tumultuous time.  Whether intended or not, Mr. Bates' vacationing in the Bahamas at this time sends a message of apathy with respect to the shooting and Eric's life.  At a time when we are still mourning the death of a loved one that he shot down in the street, Mr. Bates will be relaxing and enjoying his wealth and privilege." Bates' preliminary hearing is scheduled for 10 a.m. July 2. "This will give us an opportunity to deal with the facts in the courtroom instead of the media and we're looking very much forward to that," said  Clark Brewster, one of his lawyers, after the hearing. Bates, 73, was working as a reserve deputy for the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office on April 2 when he was involved the arrest of Eric Harris in a weapons sting operation. Bates claims he meant to stun Harris with a Taser after Harris fled from officers, but mistakenly shot Harris with a gun instead. Bates has said the shooting was accidental. He has apologized to the Harris family, as has Sheriff Stanley Glanz. The lawyer for the family of the man who was killed claims that Bates wasn't qualified to be on the force, but received preferential treatment because he'd made donations to the agency and was a friend of the sheriff. The Tulsa World newspaper reported some supervisors in the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office were told to forge Bates' records and were reassigned when they refused. The Tulsa County Sheriff's Office has denied these allegations. Over the weekend, one of Bates' lawyers released most of his training documents and said they prove Bates had proper law enforcement training. Two deputies involved in arrest of Harris have been reassigned because of threats against them and their families, Glanz said Monday in a news conference. Lawyer releases training records for Tulsa deputy charged in killing . CNN's Jason Morris and Ed Lavandera contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Robert Bates, 73, was working as a reserve deputy for the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office.
Bates claims he meant to stun Eric Harris with a Taser after Harris fled from officers.
Bates has said the shooting was accidental.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 584, Total accepted tokens: 584, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It's one of the most famous faces in history, even though no one really knows what he looked like. Instead, every culture, every generation, remakes Jesus in its own image. A blonde-haired, blue-eyed savior when America was mostly Anglo-Protestant, at least in Hollywood's eyes. An androgynous, meek-and-mild messiah during the anything-goes 1970s. A studly action-figure hero after the attacks of September 11, 2001. Flip through the gallery above, and you'll see what I mean. If you turned on the television this past Sunday, though, a new vision of Jesus came into view. Darker, in mood and skin tone. Earthy rather than ethereal. If not following all of history's clues -- Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus -- then at least inching closer. Flipping through the channels on a day millions of Western Christians celebrated the resurrection of their savior, viewers could choose from "Killing Jesus," a NatGeo production rebroadcast Sunday on Fox. "A.D.," NBC's sequel to the blockbuster miniseries "The Bible," and "Finding Jesus," CNN's addition to the ever-burgeoning body of Christ-centered TV fare. Does God have a prayer in Hollywood? What unites these disparate projects, besides a recognition that Jesus always draws an audience and the Good Book is good for business, is the type of men chosen to play Christ. They are brawny, with brown eyes and dark complexions. They look like men who could be carpenters, if not in Nazareth, than at least in the Mediterranean neighborhood. Haaz Sleiman, from "Killing Jesus," was born and raised in Lebanon. He's also Muslim, a fact that annoyed some Christians, who took to Twitter to voice their displeasure. Adam Bond, a British actor of mixed heritage, including Native American, portrays Jesus during the historical reenactments in "Finding Jesus." And Juan Pablo Di Pace -- a Argentinian named after the late St. Pope John Paul II -- takes a starring role in "A.D.," replacing Diogo Morgado, dubbed "hot Jesus," by some, "smarmy Jesus" by others. You could make the case that authenticity is the coin of our current entertainment realm, and that filmmakers are competing to make their work as historically accurate as possible. Contemporary viewers are too savvy to stomach the fake beards and odd accents that littered the camels-and-sandals epics of eras past. But there's another, deeper meaning behind our new, multicultural Jesuses, scholars say. "Filmmakers and networks are in touch with the fact that the complexion of America has changed," said Stephenson Humphries-Brooks, a religion scholar and author of "Cinematic Savior: Hollywood's Making of the American Christ." "A large number of Americans are people of color: Latinos and Middle Easterners and people from India," Humphries-Books continued. "That means the audience base is shifting in various and important ways." The audience base may be shifting, but it's also tuning in. Each of the Jesus shows drew big ratings, which means you'll likely be seeing more of Christ as you channel surf. But according to the Apostle Paul, almost every depiction of Jesus so far has gotten at least one detail wrong: his flowing locks. Real men don't wear long hair, said the New Testament scribe.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jesus has been reimagined in many ways over the years.
Hollywood has yet to cast an actual Jew as Jesus.
Filmmakers are competing to make their work as historically accurate as possible.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 585, Total accepted tokens: 585, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Just eight months ago, a young woman named Fatu Kekula was single-handedly trying to save her Ebola-stricken family, donning trash bags to protect herself against the deadly virus. Today, because of a CNN story and the generosity of donors from around the world, Kekula wears scrubs bearing the emblem of the Emory University Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing in Atlanta, where she's learning skills she can take back home to care for her fellow Liberians. "It's a surprise -- a young child like me who came from a very poor background coming to the U.S.," she said. "I'm thankful to CNN and I appreciate the people who made donations, and I'm thankful to Emory for accepting me to study." At Emory, Kekula has asked for special training on certain skills, such as caring for burns, a common type of injury because children in Liberia sometimes fall into the open fires used for cooking. One of her instructors, Kelly Fullwood, said Kekula's an excellent student who has taught her teachers a thing or two about how to do procedures without costly equipment, as she's been forced to do in Liberia. "She fascinates me every day," Fullwood said. "She gets nursing. She gets what it's about." Kekula, 23, was just a year away from finishing up her nursing degree in Liberia when Ebola struck and her mother, father, sister and cousin came down with the disease. Hospitals were full and no doctors would visit her home, so with just advice from a physician on the phone, Kekula took care of all four of her relatives at the same time. All but her cousin survived -- a high success rate considering that at the time, about 70% of Ebola patients were dying in Liberia. Kekula couldn't continue her nursing education in Liberia, because the schools had closed. A CNN story about Kekula in September prompted donations from around the world to IAM, an organization that raises money to help African natives pay for education. David Smith, an associate dean at Emory's nursing school, said they accepted Kekula because they were struck by how both she and Emory each treated four Ebola patients at around the same time last year -- and Emory had dozens of doctors and nurses and millions of dollars in technology while Kekula had nobody and nearly no supplies. Stop Ebola where it starts . "It was obvious to us that this woman was intelligent and strong and fearless," he said. Kekula is scheduled to return to Liberia in August. "These things that I have learned here I am going to take back to my fellow nurses," she said. "I love to care for people. I love to save lives." Extraordinary people .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN story about Kekula in September prompted donations from around the world.
Kekula is scheduled to return to Liberia in August.
She's learning skills she can take back home to care for her fellow Liberians.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 586, Total accepted tokens: 586, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Is there anything laser can't do? From cutting diamonds to preserving endangered sites, all the way to building terrifying weapons and turning your eyes from brown to blue, there is apparently no end to the list of applications for laser. Swiss physicist Jean-Pierre Wolf is working on yet another impressive addition to that list: using focused laser beams to affect the weather. It sounds like black magic, but it's actually a cleaner version of cloud seeding, a form of weather modification that has been used for several years -- most famously by China in preparation for the 2008 Olympics, when they launched rockets to seed the clouds and prevent rainfall during the opening ceremony. But it's hard to tell how effective cloud seeding actually is, and it involves the spraying of chemicals into the atmosphere, something which it surely doesn't need. Laser is therefore a completely clean alternative to traditional cloud seeding: it's light, and nothing but light. How does laser actually affect the weather? Just like cloud seeding, it can create new clouds where there are none, by inducing condensation: naturally occurring water vapor is condensed into droplets, and ice crystals form, mimicking the natural process that creates clouds. That way, rainfall can be triggered to "empty" the atmosphere and increase the potential of dry weather later on: "We did it on a laboratory scale, we can already create clouds, but not on a macroscopic scale, so you don't see a big cloud coming out because the laser is not powerful enough and because of a lot of technical parameters that we can't yet control," Professor Wolf told CNN's Nick Glass. That is not to say that the laser he's tested isn't powerful: at one terawatt, it has the same energy produced by all the nuclear power plants on Earth: "Of course, it doesn't last very long," Wolf said. The technology is still in its infancy then, but once it's perfected, it could help us modulate the weather in areas of high contrast, such as California or Chile, where flooding and droughts occur in extreme vicinity. Through lasers, those effects could be smoothed to have less rain in flooding-prone areas and more rain in drought-prone areas: "You can transport the water to a different location," Wolf said. Laser seeding can make more than clouds: it can also trigger lightning. "We also showed that it's possible to trigger lightning in clouds, within clouds, but not to the ground, yet." Recent tests have shown promise: " A few years ago, in New Mexico, we moved our big mobile terawatt laser to the top of a mountain and we shot it up into the atmosphere, trying to trigger lightning. We didn't, but we could see some small discharge, lightning, within the cloud. You know, 90 per cent of the lightning discharge are intra-cloud, not against the Earth. So, we are still working on that, but there is hope." Controlling lightning, or facilitating its discharge in a desired location, would help reduce the costs associated with lightning damage -- they run into the billions of dollars each year, adding to thousands of people injured or killed by lightning strikes. Affecting the weather could also turn out to be one of our best bets at limiting the impact of climate change. Professor Wolf reckons lasers could be used to "repair" the weather, reducing the occurrence of hurricanes, thunderstorms, flooding, and drought. But his laser technology can look way beyond the clouds: "There are potential applications in the biomedical field: by changing the color of the laser, we could identify and selectively kill cancer cells, with little or no collateral damage." Yet another potential application to add to that list: "Every time you think you have done everything you can with lasers, something new comes up: it's quite amazing."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Swiss physicist is working on yet another impressive addition to the list of applications for lasers.
Laser can affect the weather, including creating new clouds where there are none.
Laser can also trigger lightning, which could help reduce the costs associated with lightning damage.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 587, Total accepted tokens: 587, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The attorney for a suburban New York cardiologist charged in what authorities say was a failed scheme to have another physician hurt or killed is calling the allegations against his client "completely unsubstantiated." Appearing Saturday morning on CNN's "New Day," Randy Zelin defended his client, Dr. Anthony Moschetto, who faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson, criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on Long Island. "None of anything in this case has any evidentiary value," Zelin told CNN's Christi Paul.  "It doesn't matter what anyone says, he is presumed to be innocent." Moschetto,54, pleaded not guilty to all charges Wednesday.  He was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport. Zelin said that his next move is to get Dr. Moshetto back to work. "He's got patients to see. This man, while he was in a detention cell, the only thing that he cared about were his patients. And amazingly, his patients were flooding the office with calls, making sure that he was OK," Zelin said. Two other men -- identified as James Chmela, 43, and James Kalamaras, 41 -- were named as accomplices, according to prosecutors. They pleaded not guilty in Nassau County District Court, according to authorities. Both were released on bail. A requests for comment from an attorney representing Chmela was not returned. It's unclear whether Kalamaras has retained an attorney. Police officers allegedly discovered approximately 100 weapons at Moschetto's home, including hand grenades, high-capacity magazines and knives. Many of the weapons were found in a hidden room behind a switch-activated bookshelf, according to prosecutors. The investigation began back in December, when undercover officers began buying heroin and oxycodone pills from Moschetto in what was initially a routine investigation into the sale of prescription drugs, officials said. During the course of the undercover operation, however, Moschetto also sold the officers two semiautomatic assault weapons as well as ammunition, prosecutors said. Moschetto allegedly told officers during one buy that he needed dynamite to "blow up a building." He later said he no longer needed the dynamite because a friend was setting fire to the building instead. Kalamaras and Chmela are believed to have taken part in the arson, according to prosecutors. "The fire damaged but did not destroy the office of another cardiologist whose relationship with Dr. Moschetto had soured due to a professional dispute," according to the statement from the district attorney's office. Moschetto allegedly gave an informant and undercover detective blank prescriptions and cash for the assault and killing of the fellow cardiologist, according to prosecutors. He also requested that the rival's wife be assaulted if she happened to be present, authorities said. "He was willing to pay $5,000 to have him beaten and put in a hospital for a few months, and then he said he would pay $20,000 to have him killed," said Assistant District Attorney Anne Donnelly, according to CNN affiliate WCBS.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Dr. Anthony Moschetto faces criminal solicitation, conspiracy, burglary, arson charges.
Moschetto, 54, pleaded not guilty to all charges Wednesday.
Moschetto was released after posting $2 million bond and surrendering his passport.
Moschetto allegedly gave an informant and undercover detective blank prescriptions.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 588, Total accepted tokens: 588, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)ISIS on Wednesday released more than 200 Yazidis, a minority group whose members were killed, captured and displaced when the Islamist terror organization overtook their towns in northern Iraq last summer, officials said. Most of those released were women and children; the rest were ill or elderly, said Rassol Omar, a commander in the Peshmerga force that defends  northern Iraq's semi-autonomous Kurdish region. Omar didn't say what led to the release, other than asserting that Arab tribal leaders helped to coordinate it. The freed Yazidis were received by Peshmerga, who sent them to the Kurdish regional capital, Irbil, said Nuri Osman, an official with Iraq's Kurdistan Regional Government. It wasn't immediately clear what motivated Wednesday's release, Osman said. Osman said 217 Yazidis were released. Omar, the Peshmerga commander, had a higher count: 228. ISIS previously released scores of other Yazidis -- largely children and the elderly -- since attacking the group's towns last year. The Sunni Islamist militant group steamrolled into Iraq's north last summer, forcing hundreds of thousands of minorities -- Yazidis among them -- from their homes. Yazidis are of Kurdish descent, and their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect that draws from Christianity, Judaism and Zoroastrianism. One of the oldest religious communities in the world, the Yazidis have long suffered persecution, with many Muslims referring to them as devil worshipers. ISIS' cruelty to them has been extraordinary. ISIS' conquest of the town of Sinjar, in particular, provoked a major humanitarian crisis as some Yazidis fled into the mountains -- where many became trapped for a time without food and water -- and others fled by foot into neighboring Syria. ISIS slaughtered Yazidis by the hundreds, Yian Dakhil, the only lawmaker representing the Yazidis in Iraq's Parliament, told CNN last year. Reports emerged from some Yazidi survivors that ISIS raped and enslaved female Yazidi captives. An international coalition responded, first by airdropping supplies in the mountains. Rescues came next. And then, starting in August, the United States and other nations conducted airstrikes targeting ISIS in Iraq and Syria. The U.S. State Department estimates that 500,000 Yazidis live in northern Iraq, accounting for less than 1% of the country's population. CNN's Raja Razek reported from Beirut. CNN's Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Hamdi Alkshali, Faith Karimi and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: 217 Yazidis released, official says.
NEW: Most of those released were women and children.
Yazidis are of Kurdish descent, and their religion is considered a pre-Islamic sect.
ISIS' cruelty to them has been extraordinary.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 589, Total accepted tokens: 589, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)A year after ISIS became a household name in America, using brutality and savvy propaganda to challenge al Qaeda and its affiliates for jihadist adherents, U.S. prosecutions of would-be recruits have exploded. The flurry of arrests -- at least 25 people have been detained since January -- is a sign that complicated, manpower-intensive investigations begun when ISIS started seizing swaths of territory a year ago are finally being completed. But they also highlight the unique challenges that ISIS poses in comparison with al Qaeda, which has attracted fewer U.S.-based recruits. Like a new rock band storming the music charts, ISIS has benefited from a media environment that amplifies its propaganda, law enforcement officials said. The group quickly reached early recruits through videos that showcased the fear its adherents instilled in nonbelievers. At first, most of the recruits were self-starters -- people radicalized on their own from consuming ISIS propaganda from YouTube videos and other social media. Much of the propaganda comes in the form of slick movie trailer-style videos, some glorifying brutal practices such as the beheading of anyone who ISIS leaders decide doesn't comport with their medieval brand of Islam. But once those initial Western recruits arrived, living in the self-declared ISIS caliphate spanning parts of Syria and Iraq, they started to directly entice friends and other contacts back home to join them. In Minnesota, nine men have been charged as part of an alleged cell of recruits linked to American Abdi Nur, who turned up fighting with ISIS in Syria in 2014 and began to appeal to his friends to come to the Middle East. "Each one of those folks who makes it over there has the capability to reach out back to their contacts back here," a senior U.S. counterterrorism official said. It's a phenomenon observed in Norway and other European nations, where clusters of young people have been lured to ISIS. And the ISIS recruiters have an easier path to drawing supporters than al Qaeda has had. A decade ago, that group's recruits faced formidable obstacles trying to get to training camps deep in hard-to-reach areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan's tribal region. Few Westerners went through the trouble. Minneapolis men allegedly trying to join ISIS highlight role of American recruiter . Today, ISIS occupies much more accessible territory, mostly reachable through Turkey. Istanbul's airport has easy connections to Western Europe and much of the rest of the world. From there, Turkey's modern infrastructure offers quick access to the border regions where smugglers can help jihadis get across to Syria. The informal recruitment networks and ease of travel have presented a difficult puzzle to intelligence and counterterrorism officials, who are used to tracking networks of facilitators and fundraisers that funnel recruits eastward. "It's harder for us to pick up on," the U.S. counterterrorism official said of the peer-to-peer recruitment, which is well below the radar. How ISIS is luring Westerners . Before ISIS, investigators could often focus on radicalizing mosques and clerics to figure out those networks. Al Qaeda recruitment focused on attracting radicals who were motivated to join the fight to protect Islamic holy lands. Much of the recruitment occurred in countries with strong conservative Islamic histories, including Saudi Arabia and Yemen, U.S. officials said. In contrast, ISIS takes a somewhat secular approach, portraying how much better life purportedly is in the caliphate as compared to the corrupt West. And people attracted to ISIS' marketing run the gamut from rich to poor, educated to dropout, male to female, teenaged to middle-aged. There are signs Western recruits have risen to high levels in the ISIS organization, with their influence reflected in the latest propaganda, counterterrorism and intelligence officials said. The English is proper, with fewer grammatical and spelling mistakes. And while the large number of arrests show that law enforcement officials are succeeding in their disruption efforts, it also means that U.S. authorities don't see the lure of ISIS receding any time soon. "We are opening cases quicker than we are closing them," the U.S. counterterrorism official said. Who has been recruited to ISIS from the West?<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: U.S. arrests at least 25 people since January.
ISIS has attracted more U.S.-based recruits than al Qaeda.
ISIS has a more accessible territory, mostly reachable through Turkey.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 590, Total accepted tokens: 590, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)When ISIS overran their villages near Mosul in August 2014, a small group of Assyrians, a Middle Eastern minority with a history reaching back more than 4,000 years, picked up weapons and formed their own militia: Dwekh Nawsha -- "The Sacrificers." Assyrians belong to the rapidly dwindling Christian population of Iraq -- recent estimates from CAPNI, the largest Christian relief organization in northern Iraq put the number as low as 300,000 compared with 1.5 million 20 years ago -- and many among them see the fight with ISIS as a final battle for survival against the Islamists. "'Ah, Assyrians -- I've read about them in the Bible,' is what many people say," says Marcus Naissan, a 25-year-old electrical technician and member of Dwekh Nawsha. "But we are not just history, we are still alive, we are still here." The exodus of Christians from Iraq started prior to ISIS -- and the civil war in the mid-2000s took an especially heavy toll. Today, most Iraqi Christians live in Kurdish areas in the north, which have been a relative haven of stability. And so far, the Kurds have been taking heavy losses to defend Christian and Yezidi minorities against ISIS. Every night, the fighters hear the rumbling sound of coalition airplanes in the sky over Baqufa where they have their safe house just a few miles from the frontline. Here they relax, patrol the empty streets of the village and try to hinder ISIS suicide commandos from entering the near city of Dohuk where UNHCR says almost 100,000 refugees -- many of them Christians -- have found a temporary place to stay. So far, the militia has only assembled and trained 40 fighters. But Rama Baito, manager of the digital media presence of the group, shows me his direct messages on Facebook -- dozens of ex-soldiers, diaspora Assyrians or Christian activists from all over the world contact him and offer monetary support or their own presence on the frontline. "We have 200 people waiting right now, because we simply do not have enough weapons and training capacities," Baito says. Since they are still small and have no heavy weaponry, the Dwekh Nawsha fighters say they coordinate closely with local Kurdish Peshmerga commanders and share the same foxholes on the frontline. The fighters are a very mixed bunch. A young baker, carrying his large military dagger in an elegant sheath, says he brought his father when he enlisted. "But now, we see each other only rarely because he is in another unit of our group," he says. "When I go on vacation, he goes to the field and the other way around. So every time we swap units, I wait for him, give him a quick hug and then leave back home." Right now, ISIS is focused on other fronts -- the yellow fields of the Niniveh plains are quite safe for the mostly young fighters. But none of them thinks victory over ISIS will be quick, nor that fighting will end immediately afterward. All they can do now is patrol the deserted alleys of Baqufa, making sure the wild dogs don't take over the town and hope one day their relatives will be able to return.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Assyrians are a Middle Eastern minority with a history reaching back more than 4,000 years.
They are a Christian population in Iraq, with estimates of 300,000 Christians compared with 1.5 million 20 years ago.
The Assyrians are fighting ISIS in the city of Mosul.
The Assyrians are a very mixed bunch.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 591, Total accepted tokens: 591, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A large storm system dubbed Typhoon Maysak is churning over the Pacific Ocean, days away from a possible direct hit on the Philippines. Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia, according to the U.S. Joint Typhoon Warning Center. Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday, though the country's residents could start feeling its effects days before. That could interrupt the Easter celebration for many in the predominantly Catholic nation, which may be socked by heavy rains and potent winds. The International Red Cross noted that "many people are expected to throng coastal areas at this time." Images of the typhoon as seen from the International Space Station were posted to Twitter, including a Vine video showing the swirling eye of the storm. The storm has weakened and is expected to lose more strength before it reaches the Philippines. Its maximum sustained winds on Wednesday were 150 mph, making it a super typhoon in the Joint Typhoon Warning Center's definition. But by Thursday, the winds' strength had declined to around 132 mph -- no longer a super typhoon but still the equivalent of a Category 4 hurricane. Meteorologist Ivan Cabrera told CNN that Maysak could weaken further to become a tropical storm by the time it reaches the Philippine coast. "This will not be a catastrophic storm," Cabrera said. That said, it could still cause flooding and bring strong winds, he cautioned. The Philippines is frequently hit by typhoons. In December, for instance, Hagupit killed at least 18 people in the East Asian nation and injured hundreds more. But that devastation paled in comparison to the havoc wrought by Super Typhoon Haiyan in November 2013, which killed more than 6,000 people and injured more than 27,000 others. That typhoon, considered to be among the strongest storms ever to make landfall, hit the eastern city of Tacloban especially hard. The irony of the upcoming storm is its timing: in April, just after the Philippines Atmospheric Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration officially declared the onset of the nation's dry, or summer, season. PAGASA meteorologist Shelley Ignacio predicts Maysak -- which is called Chedeng in the Philippines -- will bring heavy rains to Luzon starting on Friday, according to the state-run Philippines News Agency. The country's National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council went on red alert on Wednesday because of the storm, the news agency reports. That alert means all relevant personnel are on standby and the public should be on guard for possible effects of the storm. CNN's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Typhoon Maysak is moving west-northwest after skirting the Federated States of Micronesia.
Its eye is projected to make landfall in the central or northern part of the Philippine island of Luzon on Sunday.
The storm has weakened and is expected to lose more strength before it reaches the Philippines.
The Philippines is frequently hit by typhoons.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 592, Total accepted tokens: 592, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Lest we Americans forget that -- in the wellsprings of our nation -- France bore the torch of liberty alongside us, our old ally has launched a reminder from across the Atlantic's waves. L'Hermione, with three sail masts and bright royal blue and gold markings, is a painstaking replica of an 18th century French frigate that fought with the United States' founding fathers in the War of Independence. It set sail in France on Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history. In 1780, the original Hermione was assigned to a French nobleman, who fought as a general in George Washington's army against the British. His name: Marie-Joseph Paul Yves Roch Gilbert du Motier, Marquis de Lafayette. Lafayette carried prized cargo -- news from King Louis XVI that France was throwing men, guns and treasure behind the Colonies, according to a historical summary on L'Hermione's website.  Lafayette, who had been wounded in the Revolutionary War had gone back to his homeland to lobby on behalf of Washington, who was also one of his close friends. Lafayette rejoined the fight on the front lines in Virginia, while L'Hermione did sea battle with its 32 guns against the English farther north. Its coppered bottom was an innovation that made it cut faster through the waters. In Chesapeake Bay, it joined the blockade that led the British to surrender. After the war, Lafayette returned to live in France. More than 200 years later, in 1997, a group of people came up with the idea of reconstructing the frigate using the same building methods applied in the original. They claim the replica is the "most authentically built Tall Ship in the last 150 years." After a year of testing, it set sail Saturday to retrace Lafayette's journey, 235 years after the original, and France gave it a sendoff with the trappings of an act of state. "L'Hermione is a luminous episode of our history. She is a champion of universal values, freedom, courage and of the friendship between France and the United States," French President Francois Hollande said in a speech. President Obama, in a letter to congratulate the launch, called France "our Nation's oldest ally." "For more than two centuries, the United States and France have stood united in the freedom we owe to one another," he wrote. L'Hermione will ply across the Atlantic for 27 days en route to Yorktown, Virginia, where it plans to arrive in early June. After that, it will show itself off in 12 ports along the East Coast. It should be in New York City for the Fourth of July, possibly sharing Independence Day fireworks with the Statue of Liberty. Since 1886, that gift from France -- also a reminder of our common bond -- has been America's quintessential national symbol of freedom.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: L'Hermione is a painstaking replica of an 18th century French frigate.
It set sail in France on Saturday for Virginia to retrace a journey through American history.
The replica is the "most authentically built Tall Ship in the last 150 years," according to its website.
The replica will show itself off in 12 ports along the East Coast.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 593, Total accepted tokens: 593, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It started with neighbors and local officials digging with their hands through the rubble. As soon as a deadly earthquake stopped rattling a swath of Nepal, before the scope of the damage was calculated, the digging began. The magnitude-7.8 earthquake has killed more than 1,800 people, and the death toll is expected to rise. One witness, Joe McEnness, captured a photo of police officers in Kathmandu, the Nepalese capital, trying to dig survivors out of a collapsed building. The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies said its volunteers and staff were aiding rescue efforts and providing first aid to the injured. The Red Cross opened a blood bank in Kathmandu. Reports from Nepal indicated that hospitals were overflowing with patients and suffering from shortages. One doctor in the outskirts of Kathmandu put out a plea for engineers to come to his hospital to help back up the electricity supply. "Victims will be dying if we don't have it," Dr. Subhash Acharya tweeted. At another hospital, CNN's Manesh Shrestha saw people being turned away as doctors focused on the most dire needs, he said. He saw people lying outside with broken bones and head injuries. With communication limited, many turned to social media to ask for help locating their loved ones. Google India launched a person finder website to work as a clearinghouse for information on those who are missing and those who have been found. As of Saturday night in Nepal, Google was tracking some 1,400 records. Facebook activated Safety Check, which alerts users of any friends who are in the disaster zone. Those in the affected area can use Facebook to alert their family and friends that they are OK. The U.S. government is providing $1 million in immediate assistance, the U.S. Embassy in Nepal said. American disaster response teams are also on their way to the country, the Embassy said via Twitter. Nepal's neighbor India deployed teams to Kathmandu almost immediately. Within hours of the quake, India had sent almost 300 personnel, along with search dogs and supplies. The equipment arrived in Nepal via a series of cargo and airlift planes, including a C-130 Super Hercules, one IL-76, and two C-17 Globemasters, according to India's Ministry of Defense. Two additional helicopters were deployed from India but turned back because of bad weather, the ministry said. India said Sunday that it would dispatch 10 more aid flights to Nepal, along with 10 helicopters to assist in search-and-rescue efforts. Disaster management and medical personnel as well as mobile hospitals, food, water, blankets and medicine will be on the aid flights, Ministry of Defense spokesman Sitanshu Kar said. Pakistan announced it is sending a medical team, a 30-bed hospital and search-and-rescue experts. The Pakistani search team is specialized for rescues in natural disasters, officials said, and comes equipped with ground-penetrating radar and concrete cutters. Pakistan is sending meals, water, medicine and other supplies. China, meanwhile, announced that it will send 40 rescuers and six search dogs. Israel's military was preparing to send a team to assess the damage from the quake ahead of a humanitarian mission, the Israel Defense Forces said. Hikers around Mount Everest run for lives, treat injured . CNN's Kunal Sehgal contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nepalese officials, volunteers dig through rubble to help survivors.
Red Cross opens blood bank in Kathmandu, the Nepalese capital.
Doctors in the outskirts of Kathmandu put out a plea for engineers to help.
Hikers around Mount Everest run for lives, treat injured.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 594, Total accepted tokens: 594, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)There's a stampede of investigators in California. The FBI said Friday that it will investigate whether civil rights were violated during the videotaped beating of a suspect in San Bernardino. The suspect  allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback when law enforcement officers tried to arrest him. Earlier Friday, San Bernardino Sheriff John McMahon said criminal investigations have begun into the actions of deputies as well as the suspect. In addition, an internal investigation has been launched. Ten deputies identified as being involved in the case have been put on paid administrative leave, McMahon said Friday. In video captured by cameras aboard a helicopter for KNBC, deputies gather around the man after he falls from a horse he was riding to flee from them. The video shows deputies using a stun gun on him and then repeatedly kicking and hitting him. KNBC reported that the man -- identified by authorities as Francis Pusok -- appeared to be kicked 17 times, punched 37 times and hit with a baton four times. Pusok was later hospitalized, KNBC reported, citing authorities. "The video surrounding this arrest is disturbing and I have ordered an internal investigation be conducted immediately," McMahon said in a statement. "What I saw on the television was thugs beating up my client," said Jim Terrell, Pusok's family attorney, according to CNN affiliate KCAL. "That's what I saw. And these questions about what was he doing? What did they do? This is far worse than Rodney King." The ACLU of Southern California issued a statement Friday saying that it was "deeply troubled" by the images. "While we applaud Sheriff John McMahon's prompt decision to investigate the disturbing actions of his deputies, we believe more is needed," the organization said. "Too often the department has failed to address questions, including those raised by the ACLU SoCal, about use of force and Taser policies." Coming soon: An app to report police brutality . The Thursday afternoon incident began when deputies tried to serve a search warrant in an identity-theft investigation, according to the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department. Pusok fled in a vehicle, and deputies pursued him through the unincorporated area of Apple Valley, the town of Apple Valley and farther into the unincorporated area of Hesperia, the sheriff's office said in a news release. Pusok abandoned his vehicle and fled on foot into steep, rugged terrain, with deputies pursing with off-highway vehicles and helicopters, the sheriff's office said. "Within minutes, deputies received information that the suspect came into contact with a group of people near the Deep Creek Hot Springs and stole a horse. He fled on horseback on dirt trails, through very rugged, steep terrain, causing numerous injuries to the horse," the sheriff's office said. A helicopter dropped deputies onto the ground, and as they approached Pusok to make the arrest, he was thrown from the horse, the sheriff's office said. The sheriff's office said a Taser was used on Pusok but was ineffective because of his loose clothing. A deputy was injured when the horse Pusok had been riding kicked him, the Sheriff's Department said. Two other deputies were treated for dehydration. The incident comes amid heightened scrutiny of police use of force after the 2014 deaths of Eric Garner in New York and Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, and the recent shooting of Walter Scott in South Carolina. In the California case, the FBI said the results of its investigation will be forwarded to the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Central District of California and Justice Department in Washington to determine whether prosecution is warranted. Did police use excessive force? 3 cases in the spotlight . CNN's Sam Stringer and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: FBI investigating whether civil rights were violated during beating.
Suspect allegedly fled by car, foot and horseback when officers tried to arrest him.
Deputies gathered around suspect after he fell from horse he was riding to flee from them.
Suspect was later hospitalized, authorities say.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 595, Total accepted tokens: 595, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Countries around the world have launched massive aid operations to help victims of the Nepal earthquake, but distribution of aid faces challenges as Nepal is still trying to come to terms with the scale of the disaster. With over 4,400 dead, 8,000 injured and 8 million people across Nepal affected, numerous aid groups and at least 16 nations have rushed to send supplies and workers to the stricken country. But now the Nepalese government and army who are leading the disaster response face another problem: How to effectively coordinate and organize the massive influx of humanitarian aid. Here are three major obstacles that are hampering efforts of distribution. Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid. Relief organizations say the tarmac at Tribhuvan International Airport remains jam-packed with a large number of cargo planes. Several aircraft carrying essential supplies have been turned away, or diverted to India and elsewhere. "The airport is totally congested. Even the planes which have landed, goods haven't been offloaded," Jagan Chapagain, the Asia Pacific Director of the IFRC (International Federations of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies) told CNN. Flightradar24, a live air traffic monitor, shows that incoming flights have had to circle in the air several times before being able to land. The United Nations Disaster Assessment and Coordination (UNDAC) team who is on the ground coordinating international relief efforts says they are doing all they can to address the problem. "There are lots of flights arriving from around the world for search and rescue, and that's the challenge we're trying to address by supporting the airport staff directly," said Marcus Werne, a UNDAC team leader. But Chapagain says that airport management is still chaotic, with staff and military not being able to clear runways and offload supplies effectively. According to a U.N. situation report, main roads in Kathmandu are open, but remote areas are largely inaccessible. "Due to the mountainous geography, infrastructure damage, collapsed bridges and damaged roads, access to many of the affected areas is reported to be extremely limited," read the report. The Nepalese government has not been able to provide relief to all affected areas due to difficulties in transporting goods, a government official told CNN. "The helicopters are small. They don't fly in windy and cloudy conditions. Given Nepal's geographical terrain we cannot use surface transport much but we are using it," said Sagar Mani Parajuli, the Joint Secretary for Nepal's Home Ministry. The situation has deteriorated to the point where relief workers are as good as stranded. Pirtha Raj Joshi, a disaster management officer for Nepal Red Cross, had to walk 10 hours to reach a office in one of the severely affected districts, said Chapagain. Initial reports from the IFRC say that over 36,000 houses have been totally destroyed, with the number expected to rise as teams arriving in severely affected areas continue to assess damages. Just two days after the earthquake struck, Nepalese authorities leading the response are still trying to fully understand which areas have been affected, how they are affected and what the priorities are. "Typically what we see, also in other emergencies, is that it takes a few days for supply lines, distribution lines to stabilize," UNDAC's Werne told CNN. "Right now we're working with a lot of secondary data, and working on some of the key vulnerable areas identified prior to the earthquake," he added. The operation to get aid to survivors in Nepal is still "very ad hoc" and it will be a few days before the distribution becomes organized because the government is still constrained by the scale of the disaster, says Chapagain. CNN's Manesh Shrestha in Kathmandu, and Bex Wright and Jethro Mullen in Hong Kong, contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nepal is still trying to come to terms with the scale of the disaster.
Nepalese government and army leading the response face another problem.
Nepal relies on only one international airport to receive and deliver aid.
The airport is totally congested, with staff and military not being able to clear runways.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 596, Total accepted tokens: 596, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Kathmandu, Nepal (CNN)Rescuers in Nepal have pulled a man from the wreckage of a building where he was stuck for a staggering 82 hours after the devastating earthquake that hit the country Saturday. His survival is unusual, as experts say it's rare for injured people who are trapped to hold out for longer than 72 hours after a disaster. The man, Rishi Khanal, was saved after a French search and rescue team found him under the rubble on the outskirts of Kathmandu, the capital, around noon Tuesday, said Pushparam K.C., a spokesman for the Armed Police Force of Nepal. The team used specialized gear that detects signs of life, he said. But it took about 10 more hours for the French team and police officers to dig him out, the spokesman said. A police video of the rescue showed the teams drilling through concrete to reach Khanal's location and then hauling him up through the hole. They then carried him out of the ruined building on a stretcher. On Wednesday afternoon, Khanal, 27, had just undergone surgery and was resting, surrounded by family and friends. He had suffered a crushed foot and was too weak and distraught to talk about his traumatic experience. "It seems he survived by sheer willpower," said Akhilesh Shrestha, a doctor who treated Khanal, according to the Reuters news agency. Khanal's story of survival isn't the only one to emerge from the terrible destruction wrought by the quake, which has killed more than 5,000 people. A 4-month-old baby was rescued from a destroyed building in the town of Bhaktapur at least 22 hours after the quake struck, the newspaper Kathmandu Today reported. A Nepali military team had failed to notice the child during its search but returned after his cry was heard, the newspaper said. The little boy, whose name is Sonit Awal, was reported to be in stable condition without any internal injuries, according to initial examinations. CNN hasn't independently confirmed Sonit's rescue, but the newspaper published photos showing the dust-caked infant being lifted by Nepali soldiers in the ruined structure. Tanka Maya Sitoula, a 40-year-old mother of four, was at home in Kathmandu when the earthquake shook the city, bringing the five-story building down around her ground-floor apartment. She endured 36 long hours trapped in a room before an Indian rescue team freed her. She escaped without injury, apparently protected by a beam. Sitoula says she remained confident she would survive amid the rubble. "I heard people making noise outside, so I thought I would be rescued," she said, as she and her family sheltered on the grounds of a nearby school. What did she do for 36 hours? "I was just lying down," she said. "There was no room to move here and there." Sitoula's husband, Mahendra, a butcher, said he called out for help for hours after the quake, as he could hear her shouting in the rubble of the collapsed building. It took 18 hours before the necessary help arrived, he said. And it took another 18 hours to free her. Jon Keisi was buried for more than 60 hours under the wreckage of a seven-story building in Kathmandu that came tumbling down around him during the quake. Rescue workers flown in from Turkey had to help carve a tunnel deep into the debris to reach him. Encased in an orange stretcher, he was lifted to safety Tuesday. But he cried out in pain after his rescuers set him down, shaking his head from side to side. One of the hard-hat-wearing search team members that crowded around him called for water. Keisi was injured and dehydrated, but the rescuers said they were confident he would survive. CNN's Elizabeth Joseph reported from Kathmandu, and CNN's Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong. CNN's Moni Basu, Manesh Shrestha, Ivan Watson, Tim Hume and Pamela Boykoff contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Baby rescued from destroyed building in town of Bhaktapur.
Man, 27, was trapped for 82 hours after earthquake.
Baby was rescued from a destroyed building in the town of Bhaktapur.
Man, 27, was trapped for 82 hours after earthquake.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 597, Total accepted tokens: 597, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Pope Francis risked Turkish anger on Sunday by using the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago under the Ottoman Empire. "In the past century, our human family has lived through three massive and unprecedented tragedies," the Pope said at a Mass at St. Peter's Basilica to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the Armenian massacres. "The first, which is widely considered 'the first genocide of the 20th century,' struck your own Armenian people," he said, referencing a 2001 declaration by Pope John Paul II and the head of the Armenian church. His use of the term genocide -- even though he was quoting from the declaration -- upset Turkey. The nation recalled its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations" just hours after Francis' comments, the Turkish Foreign Ministry said. Earlier, Turkey summoned the ambassador from the Vatican for a meeting, Turkish state broadcaster TRT reported. Turkey's former ambassador to the Vatican, Kenan Gursoy, told CNN in a telephone interview that while it is the first time Turkey has summoned its ambassador home from the Vatican, "This does not mean that our diplomatic ties with the Vatican are over." "Since this is a situation that we do not approve of, as a first reaction, (the ambassador) is summoned to get consultation," Gursoy said, adding that the Pope's use of the word "genocide" was "a one-sided evaluation." In a tweet Sunday on his official account, Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu called the Pope's use of the word "unacceptable" and "out of touch with both historical facts and legal basis." "Religious offices are not places through which hatred and animosity are fueled by unfounded allegations," the tweet reads. This consternation over the use of the word 'genocide' occurs regularly. And Armenians are equally upset, when Turkey protests it. Armenian Foreign Minister Edward Nalbandian rebuked Turkey. "We are in a situation in which Turkey speaks a different language from the rest of the international community and it seems that it doesn't understand that it is speaking a different language," he said to Italian News Agency Adnkronos. "During these past days there have been several international organizations that adopt resolutions or issue statements that recognize the Armenian genocide and that appeal to Turkey to make this step," he said. "The Pope's statement are in this context of universal value. When Turkey is able to understand this, it will be able to understand what the International community and big personalities (or better translations 'leaders') are saying." Armenian groups and many scholars say that Turks planned and carried out genocide, starting in 1915, when more than a million ethnic Armenians were massacred in the final years of the Ottoman Empire. Turkey officially denies that a genocide took place, saying hundreds of thousands of Armenian Christians and Turkish Muslims died in intercommunal violence around the bloody battlefields of World War I. The Armenian government and influential Armenian diaspora groups have urged countries around the world to formally label the 1915 events as genocide. Turkey has responded with pressure of its own against such moves. Pope Francis said Sunday that "Catholic and Orthodox Syrians, Assyrians, Chaldeans and Greeks" were also killed in the bloodshed a century ago. He said Nazism and Stalinism were responsible for the other two "massive and unprecedented tragedies" of the past century. CNN's Gul Tuysuz in Turkey, Nimet Kirac and Karen Smith in Atlanta contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Pope Francis risked Turkish anger by using the word "genocide" to refer to the mass killings of Armenians a century ago under the Ottoman Empire.
His use of the term genocide upset Turkey.
The nation recalled its ambassador to the Vatican for "consultations" just hours after Francis' comments.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 598, Total accepted tokens: 598, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tikrit, Iraq (CNN)Mass graves believed to hold Iraqi soldiers have been discovered in newly liberated Tikrit. Up to 1,700 bodies may be recovered. ISIS claimed to have executed that many soldiers captured in June outside Camp Speicher, a fortified Iraqi base near Tikrit. A total of 47 bodies have been exhumed from two of the 11 mass graves discovered in Tikrit, an Iraqi government official said Tuesday. Hundreds are believed to have been executed by ISIS in June 2014 . Grieving Iraqis, apparently not related to the soldiers, gathered to pray over the bodies. When the first three bodies were found, 10 Iraqi soldiers saluted the dead by firing seven shots into the air. The national anthem was played while soldiers wept. All the bodies were decomposed. Some had their hands bound, Damon said. The remains will be sent back to Baghdad for DNA tests to establish identify, said Ali Tahir, a director in the Iraqi morgue who was supervising the digging and extraction. Damon said there may be eight mass graves inside the presidential palace complex, which contains the residences of former Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, and two other sites outside the city. The presidential palaces complex became ISIS headquarters after the militants occupied the city. Iraqi soldiers and Shiite militias retook Tikrit a few days ago after a fierce battle. Damon interviewed a soldier who said he survived the massacre by playing dead. The solider said ISIS captured the troops outside Camp Speicher and marched them to the presidential palace complex, telling them they would be safe until a prisoner swap was arranged. Once inside the compound, the soldiers were separated into smaller groups, executed and buried in mass graves, the survivor told Damon. He said he was tossed into a river and floated to an embankment. On Monday, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said revenge is not the way to deal with the discovery of the bodies. He said several people involved in the killings have been detained. Families of the missing soldiers had been demanding answers from the Iraqi government about what happened. As ISIS swept through northern Iraq in June, some military units were ordered to Camp Speicher. Their families claim the men received orders from their commanders to leave the base and move closer to Baghdad. They left unarmed and in civilian clothes, they say. Military commanders and the Iraqi Defense Ministry denied any such orders being issued and said the men deserted. ISIS released videos that showed what seemed to be an endless line of military recruits marched at gunpoint and later posted images showing cold-blooded mass killings. Damon said Iraqi officials told her it may take weeks or months to exhume all the bodies. Human Rights Watch described the "Speicher Massacre" -- as it has been dubbed in Iraq -- as the "largest reported incident" where "ISIS captured more than 1,000 soldiers fleeing Camp Speicher ... then summarily executed at least 800 of them." Based on satellite imagery and witness testimony, Human Rights Watch last year was able to identity a number of mass grave sites inside Tikrit and the presidential palace complex. The families gave DNA samples to the Iraqi Ministry of Health last year so authorities would be able to match them to unidentified bodies the government may find. CNN's Arwa Damon reported from Tikrit, and Ralph Ellis wrote in Atlanta. CNN's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: 10 Iraqi soldiers fired seven shots into the air when first three bodies were found.
NEW: All the bodies were decomposed.
NEW: Some had their hands bound.
NEW: Hundreds are believed to have been executed by ISIS in June 2014.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 599, Total accepted tokens: 599, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Thousands of Palestinians are trapped in the devastated Yarmouk refugee camp in Syria, which has mostly been seized by groups including ISIS, activists report. The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front took control of 90% of the camp in southern Damascus. Calling the lives of Yarmouk refugees "profoundly threatened" on Sunday, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency issued a statement urging humanitarian aid access.  "Never has the hour been more desperate in the Palestine refugee camp of Yarmouk," the statement said. The UNRWA estimates 18,000 civilians remain trapped in the camp that has been engulfed in fighting between the government and rebel forces since December 2012. Syria's state-run SANA news agency reports up to 2,000 people have fled in the past two days as food, water and medical supplies remain scarce. "All people are trying to leave the camp," says Syrian activist Abu Mohammed in Damascus who used to live in Yarmouk. "There is no electricity," says Mohammed. "ISIS controls the hospital so injured people have nowhere to go." The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports barrel bombs were dropped on the camp Sunday as clashes continued. The Palestine Liberation Organization called on international bodies to assist in the evacuation of people from the camp. "Reports of kidnappings, beheadings and mass killings are coming out from Al- Yarmouk, which is under a brutal campaign of murder and occupation," Palestine Liberation Organization Executive Committee Member Dr. Saeb Erekat said Saturday. Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict. "The levels of humanity that we have seen have now descended into further levels of inhumanity," said Chris Gunness, spokesman for the UNRWA.  Yarmouk, he added, "was always a place where human rights meant very little. We are seeing it descend further." CNN's Samira Said contributed to this report .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Thousands of Palestinians trapped in the devastated Yarmouk refugee camp in Syria.
The camp has mostly been seized by groups including ISIS.
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency issued a statement urging humanitarian aid access.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 600, Total accepted tokens: 600, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Sabra Dipping Co. is recalling 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with Listeria, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration said Wednesday. The nationwide recall is voluntary. So far, no illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported. The potential for contamination was discovered when a routine, random sample collected at a Michigan store on March 30 tested positive for Listeria monocytogenes. The FDA issued a list of the products in the recall. Anyone who has purchased any of the items is urged to dispose of or return it to the store for a full refund. Listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems, the FDA says. Although some people may suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever, severe headache, nausea, abdominal pain and diarrhea, Listeria can also cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: FDA recalls 30,000 cases of hummus due to possible contamination with Listeria.
No illnesses caused by the hummus have been reported.
Listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 601, Total accepted tokens: 601, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The world learned his name after he was killed by a South Carolina police officer. But in his life, 50-year-old Walter Scott was also the father of four children and served in the Coast Guard before being honorably discharged. "He was outgoing -- loved everybody, (was) very known in the community and got along with everybody," his brother Anthony Scott told CNN's Don Lemon. "All the family loves him, and his kids loved him." Until it all came crashing down Saturday morning, when North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager pulled Scott over, reportedly for a faulty brake light. Dash cam video released Thursday shows the two talking, then shows Scott get out of his car and run. Why did he run? Justin Bamberg, a lawyer for Scott's family, speculated Thursday it could have been related to "child support and a fear of maybe going back to (jail)." At the time of his death, Scott owed over $18,000 in back payments for two children and hadn't made a payment since July 2012, according to Charleston County family court documents. Another family lawyer, Chris Stewart, acknowledged that Scott had been arrested previously for outstanding warrants for not paying child support, but Stewart said that had been Scott's lone issue with the law for the past 20 years. "I know that it had nothing to do with anything violent," Bamberg said of Scott's legal history. "He was not a dangerous person." According to a police report, Scott did not comply with an officer's demands and tried to grab Slager's stun gun. Slager fired eight shots, five of which struck Scott. He was pronounced dead at the scene. Regardless of why Walter Scott ran, "running from an officer doesn't result in the death penalty," Stewart said. Slager has been charged with murder, a charge that might not have come about if not for a bystander's video of the shooting. Anthony Scott said he watched the video that showed his brother getting shot dead, footage that has traumatized the family. "When I saw that video for the first time, my family was deeply hurt that someone would gun down a human being in that way," the brother said. "We just couldn't believe it." The last time the family got together with Walter Scott was when the siblings threw a surprise wedding anniversary party for their parents. "It was a great celebration," Anthony Scott said. "My dad and brothers planned it, and (my mother) was totally surprised. "Now this happens," Scott said, referring to his brother's shooting. "It's so tragic." CNN's Greg Botelho contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Walter Scott was a father of four and served in Coast Guard.
He was killed by a South Carolina police officer.
Police: Scott tried to grab officer's stun gun; officer fired eight shots.
Family lawyer: Scott had been arrested previously for outstanding warrants.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 602, Total accepted tokens: 602, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Lane Bryant has come up with a devil of an idea to market its lingerie while poking fun at a competitor. The plus-size clothing retailer has launched an ad campaign for its Cacique line titled #ImNoAngel, seeking to "redefine sexy." In a commercial posted on You Tube, a group of plus-size models show off the bras and panties while saying things like "How boring would it be if we were all the same?" and "It's all about how you feel." The campaign is a not-so-subtle dig at Victoria's Secret and its very popular Angels line, which caters to smaller women. The lingerie giant was criticized last year for a campaign featuring the words "Perfect Body" over images of slender supermodels, and Business Insider reports that it is under increasing pressure from consumers to offer larger sizes. Lane Bryant's campaign is getting positive buzz in social media land, with the company being hailed for celebrating beauty of all shapes and sizes. "Our '#ImNoAngel' campaign is designed to empower ALL women to love every part of herself," Chief Executive Officer Linda Heasley said in a statement. "Lane Bryant firmly believes that she is sexy and we want to encourage her to confidently show it, in her own way." The ads will be featured in the company's stores, on television, in print and on billboards, as well as featured on the brand's social media accounts.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Lane Bryant launches an ad campaign for its Cacique line titled #ImNoAngel.
The lingerie giant is a not-so-subtle dig at Victoria's Secret and its Angels line.
The lingerie giant was criticized last year for a campaign featuring "Perfect Body"
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 603, Total accepted tokens: 603, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)It was all set for a fairytale ending for record breaking jockey AP McCoy. In the end it was a different but familiar name who won the Grand National on Saturday. 25-1 outsider Many Clouds, who had shown little form going into the race, won by a length and a half, ridden by jockey Leighton Aspell. Aspell won last year's Grand National too, making him the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses. "It feels wonderful, I asked big questions," Aspell said of Many Clouds, moments after his victory. "Over the fences he was awesome. I was just hoping his batteries would last and they did," he added. No fairytale . Yet for much of the Grand National -- arguably the world's most famous and certainly the sport's most prestigious jump race -- it looked as if AP McCoy was about to write an ending befitting the career of a man who has dominated jump racing for two decades. His horse Shutthefrontdoor was in the leading group as it negotiated the likes for Becher's Brooke and The Chair, some of the toughest jumps in racing. Last week the 40-year-old Ulsterman, who has won an astonishing 4,356 races, announced he would retire if he won the Grand National for the second time in his career. Shutthefrontdoor was heavily backed by the betting public sensing a storybook conclusion to McCoy's career. UK and Irish betting firms even predicted they would lose as much as $73 million if McCoy won. He was well placed going into the final straight but just couldn't keep up after Many Clouds cut lose, and finished back in fifth. Third time winner . But for Trevor Hemmings, the owner of Many Clouds, it was his third victory in the Grand National. "I always dreamed of winning my first National," a shocked Hemmings told Channel 4. "Then along comes a second. That's special. And when a third comes along, it's such a wonderful, wonderful feeling." Hemming went on to praise Aspell's performance. "This morning talking we talked about the achievers," said Hemmings. "They are quiet, confident and experienced. He has all of them." McCoy's fifth placed finish means he will race again at least once more, in two weeks time at Sandown.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: AP McCoy's horse Many Clouds wins the Grand National by a length and a half.
The 25-1 outsider Many Clouds was ridden by jockey Leighton Aspell.
Aspell won last year's Grand National too, making him the first jockey since the 1950s to ride back-to-back winners on different horses.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 604, Total accepted tokens: 604, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Garissa, Kenya (CNN)The sign painted onto the school entrance wall reads: "Youth is a mistake, adulthood is a struggle, old age is a regret." The black humor of the message provides some light relief for a school that lives in constant fear of a terrorist attack because of what is taught inside its walls. The students (aged 8 to 14) at the Ibnu-Siina school in northern Kenya are getting a so-called "Western" education, taking lessons in subjects like mathematics, science and English. But it's an education that Al-Shabaab -- the Somali-based terror group -- is trying to prevent the children from obtaining, according to the head of the school. "These men, Al-Shabaab, want to make sure everything goes negative," headmaster James Ndonye told CNN. "They want to make sure they terrify the teachers so they go to their homes -- so the kids in this area don't get what they deserve." Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years in the region mostly targeting Christians. Many of the math and science teachers in this area are Christian. In early April, Al-Shabaab brutally massacred 147 people at Garissa University in northern Kenya. It was the group's deadliest attack to date. The gunmen would have driven down the road past the Ibnu-Siina school -- and its single unarmed guard -- to get to the university, only a few hundred meters away. Kenyan teachers and students alike are terrified. "The University College of Garissa was the only and first university college in northern Kenya. We were happy when we got it a few years ago," explained Garissa Regional Governor Nadif Jama. "Today it has been closed. That is Al-Shabaab's mission," Jama said. "That is what they want. And that is nothing but destroying the fabric of our being a civilized society." And it's not just in Kenya. Terrorist groups across the Sahel region are waging war on schools, teachers and students. In northeast Nigeria, the Islamist militant group Boko Haram has been waging war against the government -- and the civilian population -- for several years. Most notoriously, perhaps, was Boko Haram's kidnapping of around 270 girls from a boarding school in Chibok, Borno state, last April. But the group has also carried out numerous other attacks on schools, slaughtering young boys and girls as they sleep in their dormitories. Last year in Garissa, James Ndonye lost five of his 11 teachers amid rising fears of an Al-Shabaab attack on the school. He replaced them, but it wasn't easy. Yet despite the ever-present threat of terror, Ndonye has stayed to help the children. "I risk my life because -- for this class, there's a target we have for last year ... and I love that class very much," Ndonye said. Exclusive: Tracking the killer behind Garissa massacre .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: School in northern Kenya is getting a "Western" education.
Al-Shabaab militants have launched a series of deadly attacks over the last few years.
Many of the math and science teachers in this area are Christian.
In early April, Al-Shabaab brutally massacred 147 people at Garissa University.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 605, Total accepted tokens: 605, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)A shooting that prompted the lockdown of the U.S. Capitol for several hours Saturday was a suicide and does not have an apparent connection to terrorism, Capitol Police Chief Kim Dine said in a news conference. An unidentified male walked through a public area on the west front of the Capitol early Saturday afternoon and shot himself, Dine told reporters. Witnesses told CNN dozens of shocked onlookers watched, including some young children. The unidentified shooter had a backpack and a rolling suitcase that authorities treated as treated suspicious packages, prompting the lockdown as they were investigated, Capitol police said. The male carried a sign with a message about "social justice," authorities said. A witness, Robert Bishop, told CNN it also said something about taxing the "1%." Dine said there was "no nexus to terrorism" apparent so far in this incident. The building and the nearby Capitol Visitors Center were locked down, meaning tourists or any staff could not enter or leave the buildings. The Capitol area was crowded with tourists taking in the Cherry Blossom trees, which are in full bloom along the National Mall. Members of the Capitol police force, which responded to the scene, did not fire their weapons, Dine said. After the suspicious packages were examined, the lockdown was lifted about 3:50 p.m. ET and pedestrian traffic was allowed. Responding to the incident were the Metropolitan Police Department, which is investigating the death, as well as the FBI, Secret Service and Park Police. Many tourists at the scene were filming at the time and showed their photos and video to investigating law enforcement officers. CNN's Ted Barrett and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Capitol Police: Shooter had backpack, suitcase that were treated as suspicious.
Witnesses told CNN dozens of shocked onlookers watched.
Shooter had a sign with a message about "social justice," authorities said.
No apparent connection to terrorism, police say.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 606, Total accepted tokens: 606, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ferguson, Missouri (CNN)At least three people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri, on late Tuesday and early Wednesday as hundreds of demonstrators gathered in support of protests in Baltimore, a city spokesman said. Two people were shot in the neck and another was shot in the leg, spokesman Jeff Small said. There is a suspect in custody in the latter case: a 20-year-old male from St. Louis County. The two victims shot in the neck were hospitalized, Small said. "Police are having a difficult time investigating because of the rocks being thrown at them," he said. "At this point police are not sure if the (shootings are) linked to the protest or not." St. Louis Alderman Antonio French posted video on his Twitter account. Multiple gunshots can be heard as people flee in panic. Demonstrators set a portable toilet on fire.  One person can be seen squirting what appears to be lighter fluid on it. pic.twitter.com/FG0P2yf5Uf . The unrest carried on until about 3 a.m. and three police vehicles were damaged by rocks. The renewed tensions in Ferguson follow rioting in Baltimore after the death of Freddie Gray. The 25-year-old was arrested by police on April 12 and died one week later from a fatal spinal cord injury. Similar deaths over the last year include Michael Brown in Ferguson; Eric Garner in New York; and Walter Scott in North Charleston, South Carolina. CNN's Eliott C. McLaughlin, Tina Burnside and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Suspect in the second shooting is in custody.
NEW: Two victims shot in neck, one in leg.
NEW: Demonstrators set a portable toilet on fire.
NEW: Police are not sure if the shootings are linked to the protest.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 607, Total accepted tokens: 607, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A TV series based on the 1999 sci-fi film "Galaxy Quest" is in the works at Paramount Television. The DreamWorks film centered on the cast of a canceled space TV show who are accidentally sent to a spaceship and must save an alien nation. TV Land's 'Younger' renewed for second season . The film's scribe Robert Gordon is expected to write the TV version and executive produce with the film's director Dean Parisot, producer Mark Johnson and Johnson's producing partner Melissa Bernstein. 'The Voice' coaches CeeLo Green, Gwen Stefani and Usher to return . The film starred Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub, Sam Rockwell, Daryl Mitchell and Enrico Colantoni. PBS to conduct "Internal Review" over Ben Affleck's request to hide slave-owner ancestry . "Galaxy Quest" is the latest movie to be adapted for the small screen. This pilot season, ABC has "Uncle Buck," CBS has "Rush Hour" and Fox has "Minority Report." Paramount Television specifically has turned several of the studio's hit films into TV series. "School of Rock" will debut on Nickelodeon later this year, and USA recently ordered a pilot for "Shooter," based on the Mark Wahlberg film. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Galaxy Quest" is the latest movie to be adapted for the small screen.
The film's scribe Robert Gordon is expected to write the TV version.
The film's director Dean Parisot, producer Mark Johnson and Melissa Bernstein.
The film's star Tim Allen, Sigourney Weaver, Alan Rickman, Tony Shalhoub.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 608, Total accepted tokens: 608, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)One former employee of the private Blackwater Worldwide security company was sentenced Monday to life in prison and three others to 30 years each behind bars for their roles in a 2007 mass shooting in Baghdad that left 17 people dead. A federal jury convicted the four in October after a lengthy trial that saw some 30 witnesses travel from Iraq to testify against the security contractors. Prosecutors accused the men of illegally unleashed "powerful sniper fire, machine guns and grenade launchers on innocent men, women and children." Senior U.S. District Court Judge Royce Lamberth sentenced Blackwater sniper Nicholas Slatten to a term of life in prison, mandatory for his first-degree murder conviction. Blackwater workers Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard were sentenced to 30 year each, plus one day. Slough was convicted of 13 counts of voluntary manslaughter, 17 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense. The jury convicted Liberty of eight counts of voluntary manslaughter, 12 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense. Heard was found guilty of six counts of voluntary manslaughter, 11 counts of attempted manslaughter and a firearms offense. According to prosecutors, the four were among seven Blackwater employees who opened fire in the Nusoor Square traffic circle in Baghdad, killing 17 people. An FBI investigation found 14 of the deaths unjustified, according to rules of engagement for private security contractors in Iraq. Slatten was accused of firing the first shots. Survivors of shooting tell FBI their stories in 2007 . Blackwater said its convoy came under attack, and defense attorneys said in court that witness accounts were fabricated. But witnesses testified that the contractors opened fire without provocation. "It was horror," said Hasan Jaber, an attorney who was driving to work when he was shot three times. "People running out of their cars were being shot at. ... Anything that moved in Nusoor Square was shot. Women, children, young people, they shot everyone." Among the dead were two boys, 9 and 11, a doctor, a used car salesman, a truck driver, a businessman, an Iraqi soldier, a gardener, a taxi driver and an aspiring doctor taking his mother to an appointment, according to prosecutors. The parents and brothers of the 9-year-old victim were present in court during the sentencing hearing and spoke. Ali Razzaq's father looked at the defendants and yelled in broken English: "If I kill anyone in his family, what he do?! Today, we will see who will win, the law or Blackwater," he said. "Blackwater killed my son." Dad in 2007: Blackwater blew up son's and wife's 'skulls' The defense presented character witnesses, family members and former colleagues who testified to the defendants' capacity to work under fire and willingness to help others. Each defendant also gave a closing statement. Slatten addressed the court last, taking the opportunity to declare his innocence. Lamberth rejected his argument. The judge said that the punishments reflected the seriousness of the crimes. He said that the U.S. government "should be commended for finding and exposing the truth of what happened." Blackwater incident witness in 2007: 'It was hell' A few gasps were heard in the courtroom, and some crying. The case was initially dismissed in 2008 after a judge found the Justice Department withheld key evidence and violated the rights of the contractors. A federal appeals court reversed the ruling, paving the way for the two-month trial that ended in convictions for the four. Another contractor, Jeremy Ridgeway, pleaded guilty in 2008 to voluntary manslaughter and attempt to commit manslaughter and testified for the government. He has not yet been sentenced. Blackwater lost its $1 billion contract with the State Department to protect American diplomatic personnel in 2009, after the Iraqi government refused to renew the company's operating license. The company was later renamed and sold, and now operates as ACADEMI, providing protection services and training. 2007 congressional report: Blackwater most often shoots first . Wesley Bruer reported in Washington. Michael Pearson reported and wrote in Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Blackwater sniper sentenced to life in prison.
NEW: Blackwater workers Paul Slough, Evan Liberty and Dustin Heard sentenced to 30 years.
Prosecutors: Four Blackwater employees opened fire in Baghdad, killing 17 people.
Slatten was accused of firing the first shots.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 609, Total accepted tokens: 609, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A grand jury in Dallas County, Texas, has decided not to indict two officers in the fatal shooting of Jason Harrison, a schizophrenic man whose mother had called police for help getting him to the hospital. "This particular case was reported out as a 'no bill,' from the grand jury," said Cristal Retana, a spokeswoman for the Dallas County District Attorney's Office. The grand jury's decision not to indict means Officers John Rogers and Andrew Hutchins won't face criminal prosecution in the case. But the officers are still facing a wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family. The incident occurred in June, and Harrison's family filed a lawsuit in November. The release of video from one of the officer's body cameras put the shooting back in the headlines last month. In it, Harrison's mother answers the door for police and nonchalantly walks outside. "Oh, he's just off the chain," she says. "You can hear him, talking about chopping up people." It was a fairly routine occurrence for her to call the police for assistance with her son. An officer asks who she's talking about, and she replies, "My son, bipolar, schizo," as Jason Harrison appears in the doorway behind her. He is twiddling a screwdriver between his fingers. One of the two officers called to the scene tells Harrison to drop the tool, a command the officers repeat at least four times as Harrison's mom screams, "Jay! Jay! Jay!" Within five seconds of that first command, the 39-year-old schizophrenic man is shot five times -- including twice in the back as he crashes headlong into the home's garage door, just a few feet from his mother. Video from one officer's body camera fades to black as Harrison's mother wails, "Oh, they killed my son! Oh, they killed my son!" The officers continue to tell Harrison to drop the weapon. The Harrison family's lawsuit against Rogers and Hutchins says they should have used nonlethal means of defusing the situation instead of choosing to engage "in unlawful vicious attacks" when they and the department were aware of Harrison's condition. The suit also claims the officers violated Harrison's civil rights. The officers, however, said in affidavits that they were forced to shoot an armed man who they deemed dangerous after he failed to comply with repeated orders to drop a screwdriver. CNN's Matthew Stucker and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Grand jury decides not to indict officers in fatal shooting of schizophrenic man.
Officers are still facing wrongful death lawsuit from Harrison's family.
Harrison's mother called police for help getting him to the hospital.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 610, Total accepted tokens: 610, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sanaa, Yemen (CNN)As soon as the buses parked, the people scrambled onto the airport tarmac. They carried duffel bags, plastic bags full of clothes and small suitcases. They'd already abandoned larger bags in a mound. Only carry-on luggage was allowed on this Air India plane. The passengers were mostly Indian nationals, plus Yemenis and people from other countries who had been working in Yemen's capital, Sanaa. They sprinted or walked with deliberation to the airplanes. The stress of living in a war zone showed on the passengers' faces. Nobody wanted to be left behind. They climbed the steps to the airliner and were greeted by the Air India crew, all wearing pressed uniforms, the flight attendants fully made up. After takeoff, the flight attendants went up and down the aisle offering drinks to the 188 evacuees as if they were on a vacation flight. But some passengers were already fast asleep, exhausted by the push to get out of Yemen, site of some of the most chaotic fighting in the Mideast. This scene has been repeated in recent days as countries work to get their citizens out of Sanaa during a small window when Saudi planes are not bombing the city in an attempt to drive out the Houthis, a Shiite group that has taken over the capital. Air India is especially active because so many Indian nationals work in other nations. Over the last few days, India has evacuated some 2,500 people from Yemen, said Gen. Vijay Kumar Singh, the Indian deputy foreign minister who's overseeing the evacuation. The flights are going to Djibouti, the small African nation nearly 430 kilometers (267 miles) away. Some evacuees are fleeing on boats at port cities such as Aden. People are leaving behind much more than luggage. Damodar Thakur, a professor at Sanaa University, lived in the capital 34 years and built a life there. He loved living in Yemen. "I never felt like a foreigner," he said. Like the others, he was exhausted and jangled by the shelling and lack of electricity for long stretches. "At night, my goodness!" he said. "Gunshots being fired every minute. Sometimes the sky full of sparkling lights. Some women crying, children terrified. Really bad." The Houthi rebels control Sanaa, including the airport. But the Saudis are bombing the city and thus control air access in a way, so getting people out requires coordination. The Saudi air force gave Air India a four-hour window to go to and from Sanaa and a specific travel route for a safe landing. As the plane approached the city, the crew could see the scars of the fighting. There were no cars on the roads. Dozens of buildings were destroyed. At the airport, the landing strips and airport terminal were untouched by Saudi bombs, but buildings on the outskirts of the airport and planes along the airstrip had been blown to bits. The loading of passengers was swift. They approached the planes carrying boarding passes -- another touch of normalcy in the otherwise abnormal event. They didn't  pay for the flight, though they had to purchase exit visas from the Houthis. Children sat on their parents' laps to maximize the number of people on the plane. Some passengers fell asleep as soon as they took their seats before takeoff. Everyone seemed to carry the weight of war, especially nurses who had tended the wounded. From Djibouti, the evacuees will most likely disperse to their home nations. "Now I can only pray for Yemen and those we left behind," Thakur said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Air India evacuates 188 people from Yemen.
Passengers are mostly Indian nationals, plus Yemenis and others.
Air India is especially active because so many Indian nationals work in other nations.
The flights are going to Djibouti, the small African nation nearly 430 kilometers away.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 611, Total accepted tokens: 611, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Garissa, Kenya (CNN)Freshly laundered clothes still hang Friday in the dormitory at Garissa University College. Stuffed animals remain in one room. On the wall in another hangs a poster on proper preparation for Muslim prayer. These small reminders of college life at this Kenyan school belie the horror of what happened here: the slaughter of at least 147 people, many of them students who lived in this building. On Friday afternoon, more than 36 hours after the attack, investigators and Kenya Red Cross crews were finishing up the task of removing the bodies of dead students. The corpses of four Al-Shabaab attackers -- dressed head to toe in black and still clutching their AK-47s -- remained where they fell, their bodies shattered in a torrent of bullets. Kenya terrorist attack: 6 things you need to know . Investigators marked the locations of students' bodies with numbered tags before Red Cross workers came in to send them off to morgues. They would call out to each other with the locations of the dead, reducing once promising lives, for the time being at least, to numbers. 221. 214. 216. 217. Sometimes, the cell phones of the dead would ring, taking the workers aback. Beyond the bodies, evidence of what had happened at the dormitory was everywhere. Shattered glass and shell casings littered the floor. Walls and ceilings were marred by bullet holes. In some places, the blood was as thick as mud. The problems plaguing Kenya's security efforts . According to students and authorities, militants burst onto the campus around 5 a.m. Thursday. The gunmen, from the Al-Shabaab terror group, first stormed a Christian prayer service, killing some students, taking others hostage. They rampaged across the campus, shooting non-Muslims, sparing Muslims, a witness said. One student, Hellen Titus, told CNN she hid inside a wardrobe for nearly an hour before the gunmen came for her. Come out, they told her, you won't be shot. "They were lying," she said. The gunmen herded her and maybe three dozen other students into a community room where they'd usually hang out and watch television. They were told to lie down, lectured about how the Quran forbids killing women. And then the men, Titus said, were shot in the head. One of the gunmen egged on the others. "Shoot them! Shoot them!" he would say, according to Titus. More lecturing: the land, the gunmen said, didn't belong to nonbelievers. We, the gunmen said, have just two missions: to kill, and be killed. And then they started shooting the women. "Anyone who is breathing, shoot them," Titus said the gunman in charge said. "We just lay there hopelessly, because we know automatically we're going to be killed," Titus said. It was then she saw the blood of a fellow student coursing toward her on the floor. She smeared it onto her face and body to make it appear she, too, was dead. "In the time of shooting, they skipped me," she said. She survived with only a hand wound. Many of the other students were shot in the back of the head, a medic told CNN. Others had been beheaded, according to people who had viewed bodies at the morgue in Chiromo. Even longtime relief workers such as Reuben Nyaora with the International Rescue Committee said they were shocked at what they saw. "I have seen many things," Nyaora told Agence France-Presse, "but nothing like that." Opinion: A weakened Al-Shabaab lashes out . CNN's Michael Pearson wrote from Atlanta. CNN's David McKenzie and Lillian Leposo reported from Kenya. CNN's Dominique van Heerden and Soni Methu contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Kenya Red Cross crews finish up the task of removing the bodies of dead students.
NEW: The corpses of four Al-Shabaab attackers -- still clutching their AK-47s -- remain.
NEW: Shattered glass and shell casings litter the floor.
NEW: Walls and ceilings are marred by bullet holes.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 612, Total accepted tokens: 612, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)They may not be "Star Trek"-type extraterrestrials, but we may be close to finding evidence of alien life, a NASA scientist says. "I think we're going to have strong indications of life beyond Earth within a decade, and I think we're going to have definitive evidence within 20 to 30 years," NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan said Tuesday during a panel discussion on water in the universe. "We know where to look. We know how to look," she said. "In most cases, we have the technology, and we're on a path to implementing it. And so I think we're definitely on the road." NASA released a graphic noting that scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies, including the dwarf planet Ceres and Jupiter's moon Europa. The Hubble Space Telescope has been key to the discoveries, NASA said in a news release. "Scientists using NASA's Hubble Space Telescope recently provided powerful evidence that (Jupiter's moon) Ganymede has a saltwater, sub-surface ocean, likely sandwiched between two layers of ice," the agency noted. There are some caveats involved, of course. NASA isn't talking about intelligent alien civilizations from the Alpha Quadrant; it's referring to microorganisms. "We are not talking about little green men," Stofan said at the panel. "We are talking about little microbes." Still, former astronaut John Grunsfeld said it's an exciting time -- and he thinks it's just a matter of time before we find life outside our solar system as well. "I think we're one generation away in our solar system, whether it's on an icy moon or on Mars, and one generation on a planet around a nearby star," he said. And, he added, who knows what that life will look like? "Once we get out beyond Mars, the likelihood that it's similar to Earth because we share that material gets very, very low," he said. "And I think that's where it starts getting exceptionally exciting."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NASA chief scientist Ellen Stofan says we may have evidence of alien life in 20 to 30 years.
Stofan: "We know where to look. We know how to look"
Scientists have found evidence or indications of water on a number of celestial bodies.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 613, Total accepted tokens: 613, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)ISIS fighters seized several districts in the Iraqi city of Ramadi in an hours-long assault Friday that included suicide and car bombs, an Iraqi provincial official said. At least 10 Iraqi security forces were killed in the attacks, according to Faleh al-Essawi, the deputy head of Iraq's Anbar provincial council. And the head of the Iraqi military operation in Anbar province, Gen. Qassim al-Muhammadi, was wounded. The northern Ramadi districts of Albu Faraj, Albu Essa and Albu Risha were in the hands of ISIS by the time the day was done. Located about 70 miles (110 kilometers) west of Baghdad, Ramadi has seen intense and persistent fighting for months. ISIS took over parts of that western Anbar city in the first half of 2014, and it's been part of a tug of war ever since. Iraqi security forces discovered tunnels in February that they say could have led opposition fighters to a central government compound in the city.  But they didn't find all of them: A few weeks later, ISIS detonated hundreds of homemade bombs from a tunnel underneath an army headquarters there, according to Sabah Al-Karhout, the head of the Anbar provincial council. More than 40 Iraqi soldiers died in that explosion. Iraqi and allied forces have made inroads in recent weeks, beating back the group that calls itself the Islamic State, which took over vast swaths of Iraq and neighboring Syria last year. Their most high-profile victory, for instance, was the recapture of Tikrit. And U.S.-led airstrikes have already made a difference, according to officials in Washington and beyond. Still, ISIS remains a formidable force and, as the Ramadi assault shows, one that's still capable and willing to go on offense to take territory. That may be best illustrated by the case of Mosul, Iraq's second largest city and the site of one of its biggest embarrassments when Iraqi soldiers and police dropped their weapons and fled their posts as ISIS forces advanced last June. A U.S. official said in February that up to 25,000 Iraqis troops were expected to return to the key northern Iraqi city in April or May. But, on Thursday, a senior official in U.S. President Barack Obama's administration appeared to back away from that timeline -- saying an Iraqi-led assault on Mosul "might be some time from now (or) might be soon." Calling for "patience," an administration official said that winning Mosul is a complex endeavor. The same could be said for the entire effort to defeat ISIS. It will "take a lot of capacity," the official said, "and some time to build." CNN's Kim Acosta contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Iraqi security forces killed at least 10 in assault on Ramadi.
NEW: Gen. Qassim al-Muhammadi wounded in assault.
At least 10 Iraqi security forces killed in assault on Ramadi.
At least 40 Iraqi soldiers died in explosion of homemade bombs.
Iraqi and allied forces have made inroads in recent weeks.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 614, Total accepted tokens: 614, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The abduction of more than 200 schoolgirls a year ago this week captured global attention and inspired the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls, but the horrors for Nigeria's children are widespread. "Around 800,000 children have been forced to flee their homes as a result of the conflict in northeast Nigeria between Boko Haram, military forces and civilian self-defense groups," UNICEF said Monday. The "number of children running for their lives within Nigeria, or crossing over the border to Chad, Niger and Cameroon, has more than doubled in just less than a year." UNICEF released a report on the crisis titled "Missing Childhoods." It also launched a social media campaign using the hashtag #bringbackourchildhood. The campaign has "leading Snapchat artists" sharing images based on drawings from children in Nigeria, Chad, Niger and Cameroon.  Artwork can also be seen on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr. More than 1.5 million people have fled their homes due to the violence, UNICEF said. About 1.2 million are displaced internally, while others have crossed into Cameroon, Chad and Niger. "The vast majority of the displaced -- more than 880,000 -- are staying with host communities with little access to humanitarian support, putting additional strains on already stretched health, education and social services," it said. The April 14, 2014, kidnappings at a girls school in Chibok by the Islamist group Boko Haram "is only one of endless tragedies being replicated on an epic scale across Nigeria and the region," said Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF regional director for West and Central Africa. "Scores of girls and boys have gone missing in Nigeria -- abducted, recruited by armed groups, attacked, used as weapons, or forced to flee violence. They have the right to get their childhoods back." Kids are being used by Boko Haram as combatants, cooks, and lookouts, UNICEF said. "Young women and girls are being subjected to forced marriage, forced labor and rape," it said. At least 196 teachers and 314 schoolchildren were killed in 2014, and more than 300 schools were damaged or destroyed.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: About 1.2 million people have fled their homes due to the violence.
More than 880,000 are staying with host communities with little access to humanitarian support.
At least 196 teachers and 314 schoolchildren were killed in 2014.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 615, Total accepted tokens: 615, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: New York  (CNN)New York's iconic Statue of Liberty and Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday -- one day after a bomb threat that led to its evacuation was declared unfounded, officials said. The NYPD bomb squad on Friday examined a locker thought to contain a suspicious package and found it was empty, a law enforcement official said. Police declared the scene clear at 3:15 p.m. Other lockers checked as a precautionary measure, the law enforcement source said. Images posted on social media showed crowds of visitors walking on ramps to awaiting ferries. All civilians were evacuated and only emergency personnel remained on Liberty Island, according to police. The fire department had EMS units there as a precaution. Mike Burke, the head of Statue Cruises, which operates the ferry to the island, said: "Our first priority is the safety and well being of all of our visitors." Burke said about 2,700 people were safely transported from the island and offered full refunds. Service to Liberty Island is to resume at 8:30 a.m. Saturday. Shortly after 11 a.m., the National Park Service was informed that a 911 caller made a threat to blow up the Statue of Liberty -- which led to the evacuation, according to park service spokeswoman Mindi Rambo. A sweep by U.S. Park Police canine units "alerted on an area of interest near the lockers at the base" of the Statue of Liberty, Rambo said. Park police had notified the NYPD, which dispatched its bomb squad, officials said. It is not uncommon to get false positives from the bomb-sniffing dogs. "Following their investigation, it was determined that there was not an explosive device," Rambo said. Approximately 3.5 million people visit the Statue of Liberty every year. Visitors must pass through security screening similar to airport security procedures, according to the National Park Service. Previously, the statue closed in November 2012 because of significant damage sustained from Superstorm Sandy. It reopened on July 4, 2013, with a ribbon cutting ceremony and long lines of tourists. The last time the island shut down to the public was in October 2013, when it closed for 12 days because of the a government shutdown. The statue was dedicated by President Grover Cleveland on October 28, 1886. It was a gift to the United States from the people of France to commemorate 100 years of Franco-American friendship as well as the centennial of America's independence.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Liberty Island will reopen to the public Saturday.
NEW: All civilians evacuated and only emergency personnel remained on island.
NEW: Fire department had EMS units there as a precaution.
NEW: Service to Liberty Island is to resume at 8:30 a.m. Saturday.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 616, Total accepted tokens: 616, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sao Paulo, Brazil (CNN)Hundreds of thousands of Brazilians are taking to the streets in protests across the country, lashing out against President Dilma Rousseff as she struggles with an economic downturn and a massive bribery scandal. The demonstrators have called for the President to be impeached. On the other side Rousseff's base is holding rallies in her support. There are a number of issues at play. One of the biggest: an investigation into a multimillion-dollar kickback scheme at the state-run oil company Petrobras. Petrobras was long considered the corporate jewel in Brazil's crown, one of the biggest companies in the world by market capitalization. But last year, investigators launched a sweeping investigation. According to suspects-turned-witnesses, construction companies paid bribes to executives at Petrobras as well as politicians to secure lucrative contracts. Most of the politicians accused in the investigation belong to the President's Workers Party and its allies. During many of the years that the alleged corruption took place, Rousseff was the chairwoman of Petrobras. There hasn't been any evidence she was involved with the scheme, and her supporters say the position is merely a figurehead. Rousseff has defended Brazilians' right to protest and acknowledged the need to clean up corruption at Petrobras -- but denied any prior knowledge of it. But Brazilians are still outraged. Rousseff won re-election with just over 50% of valid votes in October, but her approval rating plummeted to 13% after the protests last month. Compounding the frustration is the economy, which is expected to contract this year. Inflation is stubbornly high, and the currency has lost more than 20% of its value against the dollar this year alone. Both sides are. The country was already sharply divided during presidential elections in October. Roughly half of the voting population didn't vote for Rousseff, and many of those same people joined protests immediately after elections. Rousseff's supporters like to characterize the protesters as Brazilian elite and right-wingers, and some small groups do carry signs calling for a military intervention to oust the President. But with the Petrobras scandal growing and the economy sinking, the protests have gotten bigger and broader, with many demonstrators saying they initially voted for Rousseff. Protesters say Rousseff should be impeached for failing to halt the corruption at Petrobras. On the other hand, labor unions, social activists and groups such as the Landless Workers Movement who support the government have organized their own marches. The demonstrations are meant as a show of force for democracy, with participants saying the President was democratically elected and cannot be impeached. But participation has not been consistently strong. The President has said Petrobras should be cleaned up. Has she done anything about it? She says she's given prosecutors and the Federal Police free rein to investigate the Petrobas scandal. Some of her allies who have been implicated in the investigation think Rousseff should do more to protect them. This scandal has been known publicly for at least a year, and during Rousseff's election campaign, she said she would root out corruption. The Brazilian economy was booming for the good part of a decade, bolstered by voracious demand for its commodities from China. But with China's economy cooling, Brazil has failed to find a successful alternative to promote growth and shore up investor confidence. Now, with the President's approval rating abysmally low, it will be difficult to implement the savings needed to get the economy back on track. Rousseff has appointed a market-friendly economy minister, Joaquim Levy, to try and fix the country's fiscal problems. But in the current political crisis, he hasn't been able to make much progress.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Demonstrators call for President to be impeached.
President's approval rating plummeted to 13% after protests last month.
President won re-election with just over 50% of valid votes in October.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 617, Total accepted tokens: 617, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tokyo (CNN)A bizarre and alarming discovery is raising concerns in Japan about the potential for terrorism involving drones. A drone carrying traces of a radioactive material was found on the rooftop of Japan's equivalent to the White House on Wednesday, police and government officials said. The discovery came on the same day a Japanese court approved a government plan to restart two reactors at the Sendai nuclear power plant in Kagoshima prefecture, more than four years after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's push to restart the reactors is unpopular among many Japanese, who view nuclear energy as too dangerous. A staff member spotted the drone Wednesday morning on the roof of Abe's residence, Tokyo Metropolitan Police said. Dozens of police investigators were dispatched to the roof to investigate the origin of the drone, which had four propeller and was 50 centimeters (20 inches) wide. Police say the drone was equipped with a small camera, smoke flares and a plastic bottle containing small traces of a radioactive material believed to be cesium, a common byproduct of nuclear reactors. Cesium was also discovered in areas around the failed Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant after its 2011 meltdown. Investigators suspect the cesium was placed in the bottle. The amount inside is not immediately harmful to humans. Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga said the discovery is raising concerns about terrorism. "There might be terrorism attempts in the future at the Olympics and G7 Summit using drones," Suga said. "So we need to examine and review continuously the way small unmanned vehicles like drones should be operated and how to cope with the threat of terrorism from drones. The government will do all that we can to prevent terrorism." Japanese law restricts drone flights around airports to prevent problems with aircraft, but there are no flight restrictions for most of Tokyo, including the Prime Minister's residence and local and federal government buildings. Abe was not in his office at the time. He is in Indonesia, attending the Asian-African Conference. CNN's Elizabeth Joseph, Joshua Berlinger and Josh Levs contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police: Drone spotted on the rooftop of Prime Minister's residence.
Police: Drone was equipped with a small camera, smoke flares and a plastic bottle.
Police: Cesium was also discovered in areas around the failed Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's push to restart the reactors is unpopular among many Japanese.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 618, Total accepted tokens: 618, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)In the beginning... there was the Bible, and it was a very Good Book. But this Catholic hadn't read it -- at least, not from cover to cover. So, in the middle of Holy Week, I decided to finally take the plunge. Let me explain. My name is Laura Bernardini and I'm a director of coverage at CNN, which means I manage our newsgathering and newsroom in Washington. I'm also a lifelong Catholic. At work this week, I was talking with some colleagues about Pope Francis' upcoming trip to the United States.  During the course of that conversation, I admitted something that has privately bothered me for a long time. I have never read the Bible from Genesis to Revelation. This from someone who jokingly refers to herself as the highest-ranking Catholic in the bureau. My excuse always has been that Catholics have their Bible passages read to them at Mass every Sunday. And there are so many people that can so effortlessly quote long and beautiful passages. I love to read, there is no excuse. Still, it made me wonder: Why I had not read the Good Book cover to cover? I took a scriptures class in 9th grade of my Catholic high school, but we moved through that year with only selected passages to journal about. Later, when I graduated, my grandparents gave me a beautiful Bible that has traveled with me from Vermont to Montreal to Atlanta and finally to Washington. But in 24 years, I never so much as cracked the cover, other than to write the date I received the gift. In that newsroom conversation this week, Daniel Burke, the religion editor at CNN.com, suggested I read the Bible each day for a year and chronicle it weekly for Belief. I will admit to being pretty stunned and a little scared at the prospect. I figured that no one would care about my thoughts or my process. I am no scholar, no expert on scripture, as should be obvious. But the more we talked, the more the idea grew on me. I have committed to training regimens for 5Ks and countless diets, so why not try this? I have been looking for a form of meditation in my hectic life. This might just be it. My friends seem excited about this project, sending me some of their favorite passages, which I'm keeping a list of. One Catholic friend offered to join me, suggesting I get a blank journal to help me take notes. The colleague that I sit next to everyday has already sent me his Bar Mitzvah passage and wants to discuss it when I get there. Another friend's daughter is making her first Holy Communion in May, and  has also offered to connect us because her class is reading the Bible in school. So, in a way, I'm going back to first grade in Catholic school. Yay for me. Overall, my friends and family are mainly curious how this journey will end. I am, too. Will I make it all the way to Revelation come next spring? I start on Easter Sunday. I hope you'll join me.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Laura Bernardini is a CNN reporter and a lifelong Catholic.
She has never read the Bible from cover to cover.
She has committed to training regimens for 5Ks and countless diets.
She has been looking for a form of meditation in her hectic life.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 619, Total accepted tokens: 619, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Blinky and Pinky on the Champs Elysees? Inky and Clyde running down Broadway? Power pellets on the Embarcadero? Leave it to Google to make April Fools' Day into throwback fun by combining Google Maps with Pac-Man. The massive tech company is known for its impish April Fools' Day pranks, and Google Maps has been at the center of a few, including a Pokemon Challenge and a treasure map. This year the company was a day early to the party, rolling out the Pac-Man game Tuesday. It's easy to play: Simply pull up Google Maps on your desktop browser, click on the Pac-Man icon on the lower left, and your map suddenly becomes a Pac-Man course. Twitterers have been tickled by the possibilities, playing Pac-Man in Manhattan, on the University of Illinois quad, in central London and down crooked Lombard Street in San Francisco, among many locations: .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: April Fools' Day is a day early for Google Maps.
The company has been known for its April Fools' Day pranks.
The Pac-Man game is easy to play: Click on the Pac-Man icon on the lower left.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 620, Total accepted tokens: 620, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Washington (CNN)Rick Santorum says he'd hoped Indiana Gov. Mike Pence would veto the "fix" to his state's religious freedom law rather than limiting its scope. The law unleashed an intense backlash against Indiana, led by tech giants like Apple and Salesforce and sports organizations like the NCAA, amid concerns it would allow businesses to turn away gay and lesbian customers. Santorum, the former Republican senator from Pennsylvania, who is likely to mount another presidential campaign in 2016, said on CBS' "Face the Nation" on Sunday that Pence's decision to sign a follow-up bill -- which made clear the law couldn't be used to refuse services based on sexual orientation -- led to a "limited view" of religious freedom. "It doesn't really open the debate up on some of the more current issues," Santorum said -- a reference to gay rights issues. With the Supreme Court set to rule in June on whether same-sex marriage should be legalized nationwide, social conservatives like Santorum have asserted that Christian bakers, florists and wedding photographers shouldn't be forced to provide their services to same-sex weddings. The Indiana uproar drew nearly all of the GOP's 2016 contenders into the debate, with candidates like Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz rushing to Pence's defense. "Tolerance is a two-way street," Santorum said. "If you're a print shop and you are a gay man, should you be forced to print 'God hates fags' for the Westboro Baptist Church because they hold those signs up?" Santorum said. "Should the government force you to do that?" he said. "And that's what these cases are all about. This is about the government coming in saying, 'No -- we're going to make you do this.' And this is where I think we just need some space to say, 'Let's have some tolerance -- have it be a two-way street.'" Gay rights groups, meanwhile, have used the outrage over Indiana's law -- as well as a similar one that Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson signed into law -- and debate in at least 14 other states over similar measures this year to renew their calls for state laws that bar discrimination based on sexual orientation. Sarah Warbelow, the Human Rights Campaign's legal director, said the debate could shift to states like Texas and South Carolina, where similar bills have been introduced. She said tech companies like Facebook and Google are increasingly wading into the debate because they're recognizing that "nondiscrimination protections are critical to every area of their employees' lives." Cardinal Timothy Dolan, the archbishop of the Catholic archdiocese in New York, said on NBC's "Meet the Press" on Sunday that the debate over religious freedom calls for a "delicate balance." "We've got to make sure that the rights of conscience and the ability to publicly exercise one's religion is also balanced with another good -- namely, the rights of people not to be discriminated against," he said. "It's easier to ignore religious freedom than it is, today, the more popular issues," Dolan said. "In a way, I appreciate the fact that we have political leaders like Gov. Pence that are saying, 'Whoa, wait a minute. Without questioning the rights of the gay community, we also have to make sure that the rights of the religious community are protected.'" "I just wish we could do that in a temperate, civil way, instead of screaming at each other," he said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Rick Santorum: Pence's decision to sign follow-up bill led to "limited view"
Santorum: Supreme Court set to rule in June on same-sex marriage.
Gay rights groups have used Indiana's law to renew calls for state laws barring discrimination.
Archbishop: Debate over religious freedom calls for "delicate balance"
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 621, Total accepted tokens: 621, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Mao Zedong's "Little Red Book," a selection of the chairman's quotations, was required reading during China's Cultural Revolution in the 1960s and 70s. China has now updated the practice for the digital age -- launching a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping, and featuring his latest speeches, statements and publications. Designed by the Central Party School, which trains Chinese Communist Party leaders, the app aims to "arouse enthusiasm" for socialist ideologies. "With the help of Internet technology, we hope that the theories of socialism with Chinese characteristics will be presented in a way that appeals to web users," Chen Jiancai, the managing editor of the school's official web site, said, according to Xinhua, China's state news agency. The app features the latest news about Xi and allows users to access the traditional texts that Xi quotes from. It even has an interactive map that allows you to pinpoint exactly where he made the speeches. It's unclear how many people have downloaded the app, which is available on Apple's App Store. Willy Lam, a China politics scholar at the Chinese University of Hong Kong told CNN the app forms part of Xi's efforts to cultivate a very different image to his predecessors. Xi is keen to be portrayed as a strong leader and as a man of the people -- he's been photographed eating dumplings and has appeared in three animated cartoons. His down-to-earth behavior has drawn a huge number of fans, who address him as "Xi Dada"--  Big Uncle Xi --  but it's also aroused concern among some China analysts, who believe that Xi is using the state propaganda apparatus to build a cult of personality. "This is the 21st century's Little Red Book," Lam says. "He wants to be the supreme authority and build his prestige. The personality cult campaign will only grow." The app drew mixed reviews online and on social media. One headline on a technology news site read "How can you call yourself Chinese if you don't download it?" Some said the app, called Xuexi Zhongguo, which translates to "study China," would be a handy study tool. "Xuexi Zhongguo is an extremely useful app... for civil servants selection tests," says one Weibo user @afeixiaoxiaozhuai. But others said they would boycott it. "If they introduce an Android version, I'll get an iPhone. And if it's in Apple Store, I'll say I can only afford an Android phone. If they are available on both systems, I'll get a Nokia -- sorry, I can't afford a smartphone," said @Mujia.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: China launches a smartphone app starring its current leader, President Xi Jinping.
The app aims to "arouse enthusiasm" for socialist ideologies.
Xi is keen to be portrayed as a strong leader and as a man of the people.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 622, Total accepted tokens: 622, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Aaron Hernandez is known for his swagger. Should he act any differently when he's on trial for murder? When the once rising star for the New England Patriots walks into court each day with what appears to be an air of confidence -- or is it bravado? -- he enters from a connecting holding room. Some court security officers who escort him are as tall and muscular as he is. Besides that certain bounce to his step, there's usually a smile. Jury deliberations resume Wednesday . Watch "Downward Spiral: Inside the Case against Aaron Hernandez" tonight at 9 p.m. ET. It hasn't been there as often in the last couple of weeks when state witnesses have included his fiancée Shayanna Jenkins and his former boss, New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, who testified Hernandez would usually greet him with a kiss and a hug. Always impeccably dressed in suit and tie brought in by his defense team, Hernandez quickly scans the courtroom, usually starting with the rows of seats directly behind him. The front row is reserved for his family. Some days, none of his relatives is there. But when his mother, fiancée, brother and other friends attend, he winks, nods, smiles, jokes, laughs, flirts with his fiancée and mouths greetings to them including "'thanks for coming' and 'I love you.'" Twice, he nodded his head and smiled at me. It's not unusual for his lawyers to slap him on his back and huddle before court begins, appearing at ease. They've been representing him since June 2013. There was an unfortunate moment. His mother once asked permission from a court officer to touch her son once the jury left the room. Given an OK, she reached over the bar to him, took one of his hands in hers and kissed it. Rules forbid contact. It did not go unnoticed by the family of victim Odin Lloyd. Hernandez does not avoid looking in their direction. He glances at Lloyd's relatives. Lloyd's mother Ursula Ward, who is in court daily, appears to look right back at Hernandez without expression from her usual seat on the end of a row. When one witness, a high school friend, testifies that Hernandez once allegedly talked about carrying a gun, Hernandez appears to glare at him. When his fiancée takes the stand and testifies Hernandez told her to ditch a box from their basement the day after Lloyd's slaying, his eyes are glued on her. She barely glances his way but does appear to say something as she passes the defense table on the way out. When Kraft is asked to officially point out Hernandez in court and describe what he was wearing, I watch Hernandez look down at his shirt and tie as Kraft detailed his outfit. When the team owner leaves the stand -- the same man who signed him to a $40 million bonus in 2012 -- Hernandez turns and watches him walk out of the courtroom. Would it be the last time he'd see him in person? On the last day of testimony when his defense rests its case, he smiles at relatives. But as he walks out the door this time, he doesn't look back.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Aaron Hernandez is known for his swagger.
He's on trial for murder.
Hernandez's mother once asked permission to touch him.
Hernandez's mother, fiancée and brother appear at court daily.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 623, Total accepted tokens: 623, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell has been hospitalized in Southern California. Paramedics from the Los Angeles Fire Department were called to her home around 2:30 p.m. PT (5:30 p.m. ET) Tuesday on the report of a medical emergency, spokesman Robert Hinojosa said. "Joni was found unconscious in her home (Tuesday) afternoon. She regained consciousness on the ambulance ride to an L.A. area hospital," according to her official website. "She is currently in intensive care undergoing tests and is awake and in good spirits. More updates to come as we hear them. Light a candle and sing a song, let's all send good wishes her way." Some of Mitchell's best-known songs are "Big Yellow Taxi," "Help Me" and "Free Man in Paris," but she has penned hits for other artists too. Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young scored with her anthem "Woodstock," about the 1969 landmark music festival. Judy Collins registered a Top 10 hit in 1967 with Mitchell's "Both Sides Now." Mitchell, 71, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1997.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Joni Mitchell is hospitalized in Southern California.
She is currently in intensive care undergoing tests.
Mitchell has been hospitalized since Tuesday afternoon.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 624, Total accepted tokens: 624, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Slamming world powers' framework nuclear deal with Iran, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Friday demanded that any final deal include a "clear and unambiguous Iranian recognition of Israel's right to exist." Netanyahu has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with Iran, insisting again and again it can't be trusted. He took his case to the U.S. Congress last month, at a time before negotiators had hammered out any sort of agreement, over the objections of President Barack Obama. There's never been any dispute about his take, but the Prime Minister has sharpened his rhetoric in recent days, saying the deal increases the risk of a "horrific war." Iranian President: We will stick to our promises on nuclear deal . Netanyahu has lobbied hard for a deal that dismantles and disassembles Iran's nuclear infrastructure -- rather than limiting its usage or repurposing Iran's facilities -- but such stipulations were not part of the framework agreement. He has also called for the removal of sanctions to be tied to the reduction of what he characterizes as Iran's aggression in the region, not just its moves on its nuclear program . In the absence of both elements, Netanyahu is calling the emerging deal a historic mistake. After an emergency Cabinet meeting Friday afternoon hours before the Jewish holiday of Passover, Netanyahu said the agreement "would pose a grave danger to the region and to the world and would threaten the very survival of the state of Israel." " ... I want to make clear to all: The survival of Israel is non-negotiable," Netanyahu said. "Israel will not accept an agreement which allows a country that vows to annihilate us to develop nuclear weapons, period." Obama called Netanyahu after Thursday's announcement of the framework agreement to reassure him that Israel's security will remain a prime concern in the ensuing negotiations and the final deal, which faces a June 30 deadline. "There is no daylight when it comes to our support for Israel's security," Obama said, reaffirming the American commitment to Israel's security. But Netanyahu said he isn't convinced Israel is safe from Iran. "Just two days ago, Iran said that 'the destruction of Israel is non-negotiable.' And in these fateful days Iran is accelerating the arming of its terror proxies to attack Israel." The Israeli leader added that "this deal would legitimize Iran's nuclear program, bolster Iran's economy and increase Iran's aggression and terror throughout the Middle East and beyond."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Israeli PM: "The survival of Israel is non-negotiable"
Israeli PM has been perhaps the most vocal critic of nuclear talks with Iran.
Israeli PM has lobbied hard for a deal that dismantles Iran's nuclear infrastructure.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.84
Total generated tokens: 625, Total accepted tokens: 625, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Two passengers found dead on a cruise ship in Puerto Rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide, the cruise line said. Holland America Line said two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam at 11:30 a.m. Thursday. "The cabin was immediately secured, and the authorities were notified, including the FBI," Holland America said. "We are cooperating fully with the investigation, and the authorities will make the official determination on what occurred." FBI spokesman Moises Quiñones said authorities were on scene investigating. The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise. It's currently in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico Port Authority spokesman Efraín Santiago told El Nuevo Dia newspaper that the cleaning staff on the ship had discovered the deceased passengers after knocking on the cabin's door.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Two passengers found dead on cruise ship in Puerto Rico appear to have died in a murder-suicide.
Holland America Line says two guests were found dead inside their stateroom on the ms Ryndam.
The ship left Tampa, Florida, on March 29 on a 14-day Southern Caribbean cruise.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 626, Total accepted tokens: 626, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Most climbers who try don't succeed in summiting the 29,035-foot-high Mount Everest, the world's tallest peak. But they do leave their trash. Thousands of pounds of it. That's why an experienced climbing group from the Indian army plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain to pick up at least 4,000 kilograms (more than 8,000 pounds) of waste from the high-altitude camps, according to India Today. The mountain is part of the Himalaya mountain range on the border between Nepal and the Tibet region. The 34-member team plans to depart for Kathmandu on Saturday and start the ascent in mid-May. The upcoming trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first Indian team to scale Mount Everest. "Sadly, Mount Everest is now ... called the world's highest junkyard," Maj. Ranveer Singh Jamval, the team leader, told India Today. "We will target the mountaineering waste from Camp 1 (19,695 feet) to the summit," said Jamval, who has scaled Mount Everest twice. "There are old cylinders, tents, tins, packets, equipment and other mountaineering waste. Apart from our own haversacks weighing 10 kg each, we intend to bring in another 10 kg each on the trip." More than 200 climbers have died attempting to climb the peak, part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The Indian expedition isn't the first attempt to clean up the trash left by generations of hikers. Among the cleanup efforts is the Eco Everest Expedition, an annual trip launched in 2008 that is all about climbing "in an eco-sensitive manner," bringing old refuse, in addition to that generated during the trip, down for disposal, according to the Asian Trekking website. Last year, Nepalese tourism authorities started to require hikers to carry out an extra 18 pounds of garbage, in addition to their own trash and human waste, according to the New York Times.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Indian army team plans to trek up the 8,850-meter mountain to pick up trash.
The mountain is part of the Himalaya mountain range on the border between Nepal and Tibet.
The upcoming trip marks the 50th anniversary of the first Indian team to scale Mount Everest.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 627, Total accepted tokens: 627, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the Plains, from the Ozarks eastward to the lower Ohio Valley, on Thursday and Friday, the National Weather Service said. Severe weather is perilous anytime, of course, but CNN meteorologist Chad Myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. "Tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings," he said. Scattered storms will soak Illinois and Missouri, and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states, the National Weather Service said. By Thursday afternoon, storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky. Earlier this week, severe weather struck the South. Alabama, Arkansas, Oklahoma and Georgia reported large hail. Residents in Shawnee, Oklahoma, were awakened early Wednesday morning by a severe storm producing golf ball-sized hail. "The hail came out of nowhere so it was kind of shocking," Sherri McDonald said to CNN in an iReport. The hail dinged her car.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Severe thunderstorms, tornadoes, large hail expected in Midwest, Plains.
Severe weather is perilous anytime, CNN meteorologist says.
Storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky by Thursday afternoon.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 628, Total accepted tokens: 628, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Tornadoes, fierce winds and severe thunderstorms with large hail are predicted for the Midwest and for the Plains, from the Ozarks eastward to the lower Ohio Valley, on Thursday and Friday, the National Weather Service said. Severe weather is perilous anytime, of course, but CNN meteorologist Chad Myers says that tornado conditions are more dangerous during the night. "Tornadoes can be more deadly when people are sleeping and not paying attention to the warnings," he said. Scattered storms will soak Illinois and Missouri, and wind and hail will continue to be moderate in those states, the National Weather Service said. By Thursday afternoon, storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky. Earlier this week, severe weather struck the South. Alabama, Arkansas, Oklahoma and Georgia reported large hail. Residents in Shawnee, Oklahoma, were awakened early Wednesday morning by a severe storm producing golf ball-sized hail. "The hail came out of nowhere so it was kind of shocking," Sherri McDonald said to CNN in an iReport. The hail dinged her car.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Severe thunderstorms, tornadoes, large hail expected in Midwest, Plains.
Severe weather is perilous anytime, CNN meteorologist says.
Storms will hit parts of Indiana and Kentucky by Thursday afternoon.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 629, Total accepted tokens: 629, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Iran's President on Friday hailed the proposed international deal on his country's nuclear program, vowing that Iran will stick to its promises and -- assuming other countries live up to their end of the bargain -- become a more active, engaged player in world affairs. "Some think that we should either fight ... or we should surrender to other powers," President Hassan Rouhani said. "However, we believe none of that. There is a third path. We can cooperate with the world." Rouhani said his government kept its word to Iranians when negotiating the framework deal, which was agreed upon Thursday and sets parameters for talks that could lead to a comprehensive deal by a June 30 deadline. Chief among them is that Iran would keep at least some centrifuges and no longer face international sanctions. He thanked Iranians for their patience and for "resisting" by standing up for the country's rights. As to the rest of the world, the Iranian President said he thinks most now realize that Iran "is pursuing peaceful objectives." That means trying to develop nuclear energy, not nuclear weapons, as many feared. That fear, combined with distrust of Iran's leaders, spurred the sanctions and the Middle Eastern nation's isolation. "We do not lie," Rouhani said, vowing that Iran will be true to its word, "provided the other parties will implement their own promises." What Iranians think of the deal . Those promises include reducing Iran's stockpile of low-enriched uranium by 98% for 15 years and significantly scaling back its number of installed centrifuges. Still, while it will be shrunken and centralized, Iran's nuclear program won't go away. What should happen -- assuming there's a common view that Tehran is doing as required -- is that countries will end their sanctions. That was non-negotiable for Iran, with Rouhani saying the deal shows his government's commitment to removing a major "obstacle ... for business" by addressing the world's worries about its nuclear program. "We need economic productivity, employment for the youth and development of non-oil products," he said. "Thus our people can witness better things for their welfare." It won't be easy, of course, to get Iran and the P5+1 -- the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany -- on the same page regarding the nitty-gritty details of any final agreement, if there is one. After all, it took two extra days past a self-imposed deadline for the parties to reach a framework deal. What's in the deal? 7 key points . That agreement followed about a decade of often failed negotiations and deep-rooted acrimony, particularly between Iran and the United States. Those tensions haven't disappeared, nor is there any guarantee that talks won't fall apart again over the next three months. Even as he applauded what he called a "good deal," President Barack Obama pointed out Thursday that "if Iran cheats, the world will know it." His government is also being pressed by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who blasted the agreement Friday as posing a "grave danger" by legitimizing Iran's nuclear program and making it easier for Iran to develop nuclear weapons. On the Iranian side, Foreign Minister Javad Zarif has acknowledged that "mutual mistrust" has long plagued talks. He notes Iran still has "serious differences with the United States," even after Thursday's agreement. Still, Rouhani expressed hopes Friday the nuclear negotiations will change that by further opening up Iran to the rest of world, including long-standing adversaries. "We do shake hands with them. ... Even those countries we have tensions with, we would like an end to the animosity," he said. "Cooperation and interaction would be in the interest of everyone." Netanyahu: Iran must recognize Israel's right to exist .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Iran's President vows to stick to promises.
Iran will keep at least some centrifuges, no longer face sanctions.
Iran's nuclear program won't go away.
Obama: "If Iran cheats, the world will know it"
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 630, Total accepted tokens: 630, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)"It really depends what you want. Boy? Girl? Young? Old?" The man on the phone was offering us young children with the casualness of a market trader. After a week of back and forth phone calls, his initial caginess had given way to greed. He'd heard my foreign accent and clearly decided I would pay more than the domestic rate. "We can get," he said. We'd been put in touch with the man through a contact on the ground. We were told he was one of the men running this "unofficial" displaced camp -- one of the many that has mushroomed in the town of Yola as the influx of people fleeing Boko Haram has grown beyond the capacity of the official camps. It had all been heartbreakingly simple. We'd asked who had children available to "foster" -- a catch-all code word designed to conceal the true intent of those offering up the orphaned children. The man on the phone was the end result of those inquiries. When our colleague want to see them, he was shown a group of children and asked which one he wanted to take. One, two maybe? He escaped by saying he needed to check with his "madam" -- me. I called. The man picked up and began referring to me as "sister." I told him we wanted to know what we'd need to do, if we decided we did want to "foster" the children. He told me, "Sister, Jesus will reward me," so the "fostering" was free, he said. No need for any pesky paperwork -- just a reassurance from me that the children, if I chose to take them, would "live in my heart." If I could also then find it "in my heart" to donate to those still in the camp, then that would be "God's work." In spite of the harsh measures the Nigerian government has put in place to punish human traffickers, by the government's own admission, 8 million children are currently engaged in forced labor. The Global Slavery Index says Nigeria has the highest number of people in modern slavery of any sub-Saharan country. Paradoxically, the group also rates Nigeria's anti-trafficking agency, Naptip, as one of the strongest government responses on the continent -- but it's clearly overwhelmed by the realities of working in what is now a zone of military operations, Nigeria's north. As the insecurity in the region has spiraled, the worry is that more and more children are falling through the cracks. And as Boko Haram increases its reliance on child suicide bombers, concerns are growing that orphaned children could end up in the hands of the terror group. At the camp where we finally met the man face to face, there was no attempt at subterfuge. We spoke in normal tones in full view of the children playing. I could have had one of them, I was told, but because I'd specified a younger child, they'd only identified one so far -- a 3-year-old. Did I want to consider an older girl? A 12-year-old maybe? She could look after the 3-year-old, and cook and clean. Either way, two girls would be ready tomorrow, he said. I could see them then. Our last phone conversation revolved around what an appropriate "donation" would be in exchange for the children. He couldn't, he said, bargain for it. He then proceeded to do just that, laughing down the phone at my first tentative guess of $200. Laughing again at $300. We finally found a figure he didn't find funny -- $500. I put the phone down and we traveled back to the capital that day to show Naptip what we'd found.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nigerian man offers orphaned children for "fostering" in exchange for money.
Man says he will "reward me" with the children, and "Jesus will reward me"
Man says he will "reward me" with the children, and "Jesus will reward me"
Man says he will "reward me" with the children, and "Jesus will reward me"
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 631, Total accepted tokens: 631, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Garissa, Kenya (CNN)First came the gunshots. Then the footsteps, as Al-Shabaab militants followed her into her dorm room. Cynthia Cheroitich went into a closet, covering herself with clothes. Her two roommates hid under their beds, until the gunmen called them out. "(The gunmen) told them if you don't know to read to them in the Muslim word, whatever, and then you lie down," Cheroitich told CNN. "And then, if you know, you go to the other side." The 19-year-old student at Kenya's Garissa University College didn't see what happened next, but she heard more than enough. "They were shooting everywhere," she said. "I didn't want to open my eyes." For the next two days, Cheroitich didn't budge. Unable to get to water, she hydrated by drinking body lotion. When police went into her room -- well after the carnage was done, with 147 dead at the school -- she didn't believe them. Only a visit by the head of the university convinced her that, finally, it was safe to come out. "I was scared so much," she recalled. Cheroitich's survival story, which she recounted to CNN on Saturday, is a rare bright spot in what has been a horrific week in Garissa, a town about 90 miles from the Somali border, and throughout Kenya. It is all due to Al-Shabaab, the Islamist extremist group that is based in Somalia but hasn't confined its terrorism to there -- as evidenced by Thursday's university attack and the 2013 siege of Nairobi's upscale Westgate Mall. Saturday, the terrorist group warned that more carnage is coming as it promised "another bloodbath" in Kenya. The threat drew a sharp response from Nadif Jama, the governor of Garissa county. "The fallacy and satanic mindset of Al-Shabaab is that in Somalia, they kill Muslims and Somalis," Jama said. "They cross the border here and then say they are killing non-Muslims. That is a tricky way of doing business." Jama said the militants were "bent on nothing but destruction" and aimed to sow division between Muslims and non-Muslims. "But that is something we need to fight," Jama said. Police in Garissa on Saturday paraded the bodies of men they said had carried out the attack. The corpses -- locked in a macabre embrace and partially wrapped in an orange tarp -- were piled on the back of a pickup truck and driven to a primary school soccer pitch for viewing. A large crowd gathered, despite the baking sun and foul stench. The truck drove up next to the onlookers, so that they could inspect the bodies. Anger seethed in the crowd. "These gunmen, they killed innocent children. We want to burn these people," one man told CNN. Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta also had some harsh words Saturday for Al-Shabaab, as well as any those who supported them. Five arrested in Kenya attack . In a nationally televised speech, Kenyatta said the nation's fight against terrorism "has been made all the more difficult by the fact that the planners and the financiers of this brutality are deeply embedded in our communities and were seen previously as ordinary, harmless people." Kenyatta condemned "corruption of the worst and most criminal kind (when) Kenyans ... finance, hide and recruit on behalf of Al-Shabaab." "There is no form of legal penalty, social shaming and godly condemnation that they do not deserve, to the fullest extent," the President said. Describing Al-Shabaab as an "existential threat to our republic," Kenyatta urged his fellow Kenyans to "tell those that believe a caliphate is possible in Kenya that we are one indivisible, sovereign and democratic state." "That fight will never change," he added. "Our forefathers bled and died for this nation. And we will do everything to defend our way of life." Kenyatta declared three days of national mourning for the victims of the attack. Inside Garissa University College dorm's scene of slaughter . Christian Purefoy reported from Garissa. CNN's David McKenzie, Jethro Mullen and Jessica King contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Al-Shabaab militants attack Garissa University College.
Police: 147 dead in attack.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta condemns Al-Shabaab.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 632, Total accepted tokens: 632, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)At least 54 people have died and 15 others are missing after a Russian fishing vessel sank off the Kamchatka Peninsula, according to Russia's state-run Tass news agency. More than 60 people were rescued Thursday from the chilly waters in Russia's Far East. The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler -- a commercial fishing vessel -- was carrying 132 people, the ministry said. Of the people on board, 78 were Russians. The 54 others were foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu, according to the news agency, with the majority coming from Myanmar. More than 20 fishing vessels are searching for the 15 people still thought to be missing, Tass said. The shipwreck was swift, with the trawler going down in the Sea of Okhotsk within 15 minutes of getting into difficulties, the news agency reported. The most likely cause of the shipwreck was collision with an obstacle which damaged the hull, the official spokesman of Russia's Investigative Committee, Vladimir Markin, is quoted as saying. The trawler is also thought to have keeled over as a result of hauling some 80 tons of fish on to the deck, the chairman of the emergencies commission in the Kamchatka region, Sergey Khabarov, told Tass.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: More than 60 people rescued from the chilly waters in Russia's Far East.
The Dalniy Vostok freezer trawler -- a commercial fishing vessel -- sank.
Of the people on board, 78 were Russians.
The 54 others were foreign nationals from Myanmar, Ukraine, Lithuania and Vanuatu.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 633, Total accepted tokens: 633, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (The Hollywood Reporter)Stan Freberg, whose freewheeling comic career in advertising garnered him worldwide acclaim and whose satirical entertainments abounded on TV, the radio and on records, has died. He was 88. Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital, his son and daughter, Donavan and Donna Freberg, confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter. "He was and will always be my hero, and I will carry his brilliant legacy forward as best I am able," his son wrote on Facebook. The godfather of humorous and irreverent commercials, Freberg lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist." The New York Times dubbed him the "Che Guevara of advertising," and years later, "Weird Al" Yankovic called him a major influence on his career. "Very sad to say that one of my absolute all-time heroes has just passed away," Yankovic wrote on Twitter. "RIP Stan Freberg. A legend, an inspiration, and a friend." Freberg also was known for his musical parodies. "Wun'erful Wun'erful," his 1957 spoof of "champagne music" — on which he collaborated with orchestra leader Billy May — lampooned "The Lawrence Welk Show." He also parodied Johnnie Ray's hit "Cry," which Freberg rendered as "Try." (Ray was quite angry until he realized Freberg was fueling sales of his record.) The Los Angeles native had hit records of his own, including "St. George and the Dragonet," a 1953 send-up of the series "Dragnet." His recordings were so popular that he landed his own radio program in 1954, "That's Rich." Three years later, he presented "The Stan Freberg Show" on CBS Radio, where he regularly mocked commercials by advertising bogus products. Hollywood Reporter: "Mad Men's" return . He won a Grammy Award in 1959 for best performance, documentary or spoken word for "The Best of the Stan Freberg Shows." Earlier in the 1950s, Freberg helped create and write the Emmy Award-winning comedy "Time for Beany," also working with puppets and performing on the show. Its droll, off-the-wall humor appealed to fans including Albert Einstein. During Beany's early gestation, he and the other writers had no office, so they wrote in coffee shops at night as well as in an "office" in a condemned building. Not surprisingly, Freberg ruffled institutional feathers. Capitol Records balked at releasing his satires of radio-TV personality Arthur Godfrey and Ed Sullivan's variety show "Toast of the Town." Hollywood Reporter: "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" -- the untold story . Freberg disdained the hard sell. He created such classic comic ad capers as "Nine out of 10 doctors recommend Chun King Chow Mein," and his Jeno's Frozen Pizza campaign featured the Lone Ranger and Tonto. He skewered the greed of the ad business in "Green Chri$tma$, which criticized the over-commercialization of the holiday. In 1958, Freberg opened his own ad agency, Freberg Ltd. His slogan was "More Honesty Than the Client Had in Mind," and he even had a corporate motto: "Ars Gratia Pecuniae" (Art of the Sake of Money). Freberg, whose inspirations were Jack Benny, Fred Allen and Norman Corwin, worked in cartoons for decades, starting in the 1940s. He provided the voice for Junyer Bear in the 1948 Chuck Jones Looney Tunes cartoon "What's Brewin', Bruin," and he famously played the three pigs, the wolf and the singing narrator in another Looney Tunes classic, 1957's "Three Little Bops." He teamed often at Warner Bros. with the great Mel Blanc. Freberg also was the voice of Beaver in Disney's "Lady and the Tramp" (1955). For the feature Looney Tunes, "Back in Action" (2003), he was heard as a baby bear. Survivors also include his wife, Hunter, and a granddaughter. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Freberg died of natural causes at a Santa Monica hospital.
He was 88.
Freberg was known for his satirical commercials.
He lampooned cultural institutions and described himself as a "guerilla satirist"
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 634, Total accepted tokens: 634, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Indiana's controversial religious freedom law has been in hot water lately. After a firestorm of backlash and protests, Gov. Mike Pence said on Tuesday that the state will "fix" the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, or RFRA, so it will not discriminate against gays and lesbians. Pence is making the right call. Promoting the false dichotomy between protecting religion versus protecting equality serves no one. Not all people who dislike the law hate religion, and not all people who like the law want to discriminate against the LGBT community. If people of good will come together, liberty and equality can both be saved. The unbelievably easy way to fix Indiana's RFRA is to add one small amendment, one easy line codifying that discrimination against the LGBT community is harmful, and that there is a compelling governmental interest in eliminating that harm. In general, it is a good thing for society to shape its laws in ways that allow people to live their lives consistent with their sincerely held religious obligations. As Americans, we value and always have valued the freedom and expression of religion. Sometimes, a law seems to impose only modest burdens on the people it affects, but in practice it actually severely burdens the religious practices of a few. In those situations, if there is no compelling governmental interest in enforcing that law in that particularly burdensome way -- and if no one else is harmed -- then religion should be granted an exemption. Shifting the burden to the government to prove that it really does need to apply this law in this particular way will not allow every person to become a law unto themselves; it simply sends the message that religion is important, and unless there are specific and compelling reasons why, people should be allowed to practice as they need. These are the reasons why the federal RFRA was passed in 1993, and why it had bipartisan support. These are wholesome American values that everyone can get behind. The problem is that we no longer live in 1993, 10 years before Lawrence v. Texas, and 20 before U.S. v. Windsor. In 1993, our sensibilities were different; there was not yet a national conversation about the need to protect the rights and dignity of members of the LGBT community. Timing matters because society changes, and now that our horizons have been broadened we cannot just keep insisting that the law was never intended to discriminate and worked just fine 22 years ago, before we realized its negative potential. Even if not a single lawmaker consciously intends the bill to be used as a shield for discrimination, we still have to take seriously Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes' claim about unintended consequences. To put it simply, you have to be concerned with what the law allows a person to get away with. The concern is real. Because Indiana does not have a law prohibiting discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation, the bill as drafted might allow people who were so inclined to discriminate, and simply assert that they could do so based on a religious belief. Public perceptions matter. Whether or not lawmakers think so, it certainly seems relevant to the general public that this bill was passed with important national decisions about marriage equality on the horizon and right after the ruling in Baskin v. Bogans that Indiana's same-sex marriage ban was unconstitutional. Writing for the Seventh Circuit panel in 2014, Judge Richard Posner's rationale in the case of Baskin v. Bogan provides the obvious answer for how to fix the RFRA deficiency without changing what it is that it defends. Courts have long held that a religious exemption cannot be granted if it allows you to shift the harm to a third party, and -- as Posner explained so simply -- discrimination is harmful. RFRAs are not inherently evil. The message can be nondiscriminatory and religion can be protected. The principles of RFRA can remain unchanged; it is just the definition of harmful that evolves. A few simple words have the potential to completely change the conversation, send an important message about the value of equality, and make Indiana into a shining beacon of cooperation: the real "crossroads of America." Doing so would go a long way toward restoring its reputation as a place of great opportunity for all to live and worship and work.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Indiana's controversial religious freedom law has been in hot water lately.
Gov. Mike Pence says the state will "fix" the Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
Pence is making the right call, says attorney.
The problem is that we no longer live in 1993, says attorney.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 635, Total accepted tokens: 635, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Universal's "Furious 7" is about to make history."Furious 7" — the final film from the late Paul Walker — is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend, the top showing ever for an April title, not accounting for inflation.Domestically, it is getting the widest release in Universal's history with a theater count of roughly 4,003 (including Imax locations), eclipsing "Despicable Me 2" (3,956). Anything north of 4,000 is usually reserved for summer tentpoles and year-end titles. Overseas, the movie is also poised to do massive business, putting its global debut north of $250 million. "Furious 7" is opening day-and-date around the world on 10,500 screens in 63 territories, save for a few major markets including China, Russia and Japan. THR: 'Furious 7' scores Thailand release despite Tony Jaa contract dispute . The current record-holder for top April opening domestically is "Captain America: The Winter Soldier," which debuted to $95 million from 3,928 theaters last year. "Furious 7" is likewise poised to nab the biggest opening of 2015 to date. And if it beats the $121.9 million launch of "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 1" in November 2014, it will mark the largest three-day opening since "The Hunger Games: Catching Fire" ($158 million) in November 2013. The movie enjoys massive awareness and interest, due to both the popularity of the street-racing series and Walker's death. The last film," Fast & Furious 6," debuted to a franchise-best $117 million over the four-day Memorial Day weekend in 2012, including $97.4 million for the three days, on its way to grossing $788.7 million worldwide. Universal intended to open "Furious 7" on July 11, 2014, but production was halted in November 2013 when Walker died in a car crash during the Thanksgiving hiatus. After director James Wan, writer Chris Morgan and Universal pored over existing footage and tweaked the script, production resumed in April 2014. THR: Studio profitability report - Who's up and who's down . CGI and voice effects were used in some scenes featuring Walker's detective character, Brian O'Conner, with Walker's brothers, Caleb and Cody, used as stand-ins. "Furious 7" pits Vin Diesel's Dominic Toretto and crew (which includes Michelle Rodriguez and Tyrese Gibson, among others, as well as Walker) against Jason Statham's Deckard Shaw, out for revenge after the death of his brother. "Furious 7" is expected to usher in a string of mega-openings at the box office this year. Disney and Marvel's "The Avengers: Age of Ultron," set to open May 1, hasn't come on tracking yet, but some forecasters are already suggesting it could score the top opening of all time domestically, eclipsing the record-breaking start of "The Avengers" ($207 million) in 2012. See the original story at The Hollywood Reporter's website. ©2015 The Hollywood Reporter. All rights reserved.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Furious 7" is expected to gross $115 million or more when opening at the North American box office this weekend.
The movie is opening day-and-date around the world on 10,500 screens in 63 territories.
The movie is the final film from the late Paul Walker.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 636, Total accepted tokens: 636, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Call it a little piece of heaven for a family torn apart by tragedy. Back in July, Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were just about to become parents.  Sharry was eight months pregnant. But then Smith fell and hit his head.  He was taken to the OU Medical Center in Oklahoma City.  Smith never recovered. "July 13th 2014 was the absolute worst day of my life," Sharry posted on Facebook.  "I lost my best friend. The father of my unborn child." Their son Taos arrived a few weeks later. When it was time for his 6-month pictures, Sharry had a special request. Maybe the photographer could make their family complete, just for one picture . "They asked me if I would be willing to 'play around' with capturing their first family photo by editing Taos' daddy in one of their pictures," Kayli Rene' Photography posted on Facebook. "I just got to thinking, we don't have a picture with Lane in it," the new mom told CNN affilaite KOCO. The photographer wasn't sure it would work, but they found just the right picture of Smith -- one that has him looking over his family's shoulder. "Lane's not physically here with us, of course, but that picture represents to us that he is always watching over us and he will always be there for us no matter what," Sharry said. The family photo has become a social media sensation after appearing on the photographer's Facebook page this week. It has some 193,000 likes and more than 24,000 shares. "I can't believe she actually did this," Sharry said.  "It's like amazing and apparently everyone else thinks it is too."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sierra Sharry and Lane Smith were about to become parents.
Smith fell and hit his head, never recovered.
Sharry wanted to make their family complete.
The family photo has become a social media sensation.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 637, Total accepted tokens: 637, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Some fans of Lucille Ball want her statue removed from a park in her hometown, saying the "ugly" likeness does not do justice to the "I Love Lucy" star. The life-size bronze statue in Celoron, New York, has been likened to Conway Twitty, the snake from "Beetlejuice" and actor Steve Buscemi, among other unflattering comparisons. Even Mayor Scott Schrecengost has gone on record saying he does not care for the statue, which shows the comic star holding a bottle of fictional nutrition elixir Vitameatavegamin. And yet, it has been a tourist draw since 2009 for Celoron, the comedian's birthplace, attracting visitors who pose with the statue for pictures. A resident of Jamestown, where Ball grew up, started the Facebook page in 2012 "We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue," seeking to get rid of the "ugly" statue. A story about the group on Yahoo! News this week spread through the internet, reviving debate over what to do with the statue. The founder of the Facebook group would like to see the statue replaced with a new one outside a planned Comedy Hall of Fame in Jamestown, home to the Lucy-Desi Museum & Center for Comedy and the annual Lucille Ball Comedy Festival. The founder requested anonymity, saying the issue is "not about me; it's about the statue." "Lucille Ball was one of the most talented, beautiful, funny women who ever appeared on television; a pioneer, a giant of television. My only goal is to have a sculpture of her in Jamestown which does her justice," the group's founder told CNN. "This statue in Celoron is not fixable. I love my hometown and I Love Lucy. Let's get a new statue that is a real tribute to her memory as the Comedy Queen of Television." A Buffalo News columnist vouched for the sentiment, saying "its deranged grimace and jagged teeth inspire more dread than reverence." "No one here much likes the statue, and one look tells you why. It looks more like an extra from 'The Walking Dead' than arguably the most famous comic actress of all time," Colin Dabkowski wrote Saturday. Still, residents take pride in their claim to fame, "even if some of them privately wish that the statue commemorating her would be struck by lightning." The artist who created the statue did not respond to CNN's request for comment. In a post this week, the Facebook group founder said the point was not to "disparage" the artist or his work. But, in this case, "this Lucy statue is just not up to his usual work." Schrecengost told the local Post-Journal that he reached out to the artist over the years about redoing the statue. "He finally came back and said he wanted $8,000 to $10,000 to do it. I've also reached out to several other sculptors in the region, and some said they would do it, but we're still looking at about $5,000," he told the newspaper. "We'd like to work with the original sculptor and wish he would stand behind his work enough to step up and fix it for free."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Statue of Lucille Ball in Celoron, New York, likened to Conway Twitty.
Mayor Scott Schrecengost says he does not care for the statue.
Founder of Facebook group says statue is "ugly" and not up to artist's usual work.
Founder would like to see statue replaced with new one in Jamestown, New York.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 638, Total accepted tokens: 638, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The last time Muhammadu Buhari came to power in Nigeria, it was by force. This time it was by the ballot box. Here are five reasons why one of the most fiercely-contested elections in the country's history is so important. For the first time in Nigeria's history, the opposition defeated the ruling party in democratic elections. Muhammadu Buhari, 72, won Nigeria's presidential election, defeating incumbent Goodluck Jonathan by about two million votes. Nigeria is significant because it is the biggest economy and most populous country in Africa; it is also one of Africa's largest oil producers and is a major supplier of crude oil to the United States. This isn't Buhari's first time leading Nigeria -- but it's his first time in nearly 30 years. The reformed dictator is a Sunni Muslim from Nigeria's poorer North, while Jonathan comes from a Christian and animist South that is rich with oil. Buhari's win comes after a long history of military rule, coups and botched attempts at democracy in the country. Many Nigerians told CNN that they saw President Jonathan as an ineffectual leader who was indecisive in dealing with the terror group Boko Haram -- and weak on corruption. Buhari, who was campaigning for the fourth time, capitalized on these weaknesses and some analysts believe that his military background was an advantage for him. Nigerians wanted a strong leader who could keep them safe from Boko Haram's murderous raids -- and Buhari also campaigned as a born-again democrat to allay fears about his strict military regime the last time around. He stressed that Nigeria's security needs to be the next government's focus. His campaign was also fiercely anti-corruption -- he ran under the slogan of "new broom," and his supporters were often pictured holding brooms in the lead-up to the vote. The elections were largely predicted to be violent and everyone, Nigerians included, expected the worst. Some families moved abroad and there was sporadic violence across the country in the lead up to the election. But those fears turned out to be mostly unfounded, and the elections held relatively peacefully -- with the exception of attacks in the north of the country, where around 11 people died. Many also praised President Jonathan's gracious and quick concession of defeat as it almost certainly prevented post-election violence. President-elect Buhari said Wednesday in a speech to the nation: "The eyes of the world were focused on us to see if we can vote in a peaceful way and carry out elections in an orderly manner. "We have proven to the world that we are a people who have embraced democracy and a people who seek a government by, for and for the people." On election day, Nigerians queued for hours in hot weather to cast their vote. Some of the biometric reader machines malfunctioned -- including the one at President Jonathan's polling station -- and voting had to be extended into the following day. But the technical issues didn't keep people from voting -- and in Lagos, some voters cast their ballots with the aid of the light from their mobile phones. And even though some card readers didn't work in some places, many say they helped to cut down on vote rigging. Boko Haram isn't the only obstacle facing the new president. The economy, crime and generating enough power to light up the country are other major issues. The pressure will soon be on Buhari to deliver and there will be no excuses. If he fails, Nigerians will be waiting for him at the polls just four short years from now.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nigeria is the largest economy and most populous country in Africa.
Muhammadu Buhari won Nigeria's presidential election.
Buhari is a Sunni Muslim from Nigeria's poorer North.
Buhari's win comes after a long history of military rule.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 639, Total accepted tokens: 639, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)By the elation online and in the streets, you'd think Iran had just won the World Cup. But this is bigger. Iranians erupted in celebration as young people waved flags from their sunroofs, blasted music from stereos and chatted online with the hashtag #IranTalks. The excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the United States and other world powers that promises to end Iran's international isolation under years of crippling sanctions. Just before midnight on Thursday, Vali Asr street, one of Tehran's main thoroughfares, turned into something like a block party. Car horns blared. Men danced in the middle of traffic. Some people flaunted U.S. dollar bills. It was a fitting double occasion: The agreement was struck on the final day of Persian New Year festivities, symbolizing a fresh start. Milad, a 20-year-old university student among the crowds, told CNN he was happy about the accord but wary about his own future. "I still believe I'll have a hard time finding a job that pays well, with or without this deal." Another Tehran resident, Alireza, 37, said "Things can't get worse than they are so, I'm happy with this news." "This is pretty historic and I pray that my children will be able to live in an Iran that can play nice with the international community." At home that evening, families watched as Iranian state television broadcast U.S. President Barack Obama's speech live, which came for many as a surprise. Some Iranians celebrated the moment by snapping selfies in front of the TV. Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif — who led the Iranian negotiation team — received a hero's welcome as he arrived in Iran on a sunny Friday morning. "Long live Zarif," crowds chanted as the vehicle rolled slowly down the packed street, carrying the man who struck the historic deal. Other videos posted to social media showed Zarif mobbed by fans in Switzerland, who yelled "We love you, Zarif!" Lausanne: Zarif joins Iranian students cheer "Zarif We Love You" outside press conference at #IranTalks. pic.twitter.com/S2dVzeAsZl . Negar Mortazavi, an Iranian-American independent journalist, celebrated with her friends in the United States by singing "Bayram Mubarak," a New Year song. Happy New Day, New Year, New Era. #IranTalks pic.twitter.com/OuGE3pu8Z1 . She closely followed the reaction from Iranians around the world and told CNN she saw an "explosion" of joy when the deal was finally struck. "I didn't expect so many people to follow it so closely, but from the result, I can tell everyone was following." "After 35 years of animosity, U.S. and Iran diplomats shook hands and stood by each other in public... everything is just pushing this forward."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Iranians erupted in celebration as young people waved flags from their sunroofs.
The excitement came after a breakthrough nuclear deal with the United States.
The agreement promises to end Iran's international isolation under years of crippling sanctions.
Iranian foreign minister Javad Zarif received a hero's welcome as he arrived in Iran.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 640, Total accepted tokens: 640, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch, but still a sweet treat for early risers in North America. The moon slipped fully into Earth's shadow at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time (7:58 a.m. ET) Saturday, starting a total lunar eclipse for nearly five minutes -- what NASA says will be the shortest such eclipse of the century. The celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before, during and after the total eclipse, giving the moon the appearance that earns total eclipses the "blood moon" nickname. Watchers in the eastern half of North America caught only a partial eclipse -- and in some places, an orange one -- before the moon set below the horizon. The event started at 3:16 a.m. PT (6:16 a.m. ET), when the moon began moving into Earth's shadow. "The lunar eclipse is looking good!" tweeted Ryan Hoke, a meteorologist for CNN affiliate WAVE in Louisville, Kentucky, showing a picture of a reddish partial moon in a blue dawn sky. People from the U.S. West Coast to Australia were able to catch the total eclipse. Parts of South America, India, China and Russia were able to see at least parts of the event, but it wasn't visible in Greenland, Iceland, Europe, Africa or the Middle East. A lunar eclipse happens when the sun, Earth and moon form a straight line in space, with the Earth smack in the middle. The sun shines on the Earth and creates a shadow. As the moon moves deeper into that shadow, it appears to turn dark and may even appear to be a reddish color.  Why red? Because Earth's atmosphere is filtering out most of the blue light. NASA says lunar eclipses typically happen at least twice a year, but this eclipse is the third in a series of four in a row, known as a "tetrad."  The first was April 15, 2014, and the second was October 23, 2014. The space agency predicts the next one will come September 28. Did you see it? Share your photos with CNN iReport.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: The third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch.
The moon slipped fully into Earth's shadow at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time (7:58 a.m. ET)
The celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before, during and after the total eclipse.
The event started at 3:16 a.m. PT (6:16 a.m. ET), when the moon began moving into Earth's shadow.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.85
Total generated tokens: 641, Total accepted tokens: 641, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)In this Holy Week, let us be reminded of what the word of God says about fair and living wages. Isaiah 58.6 tells us: . This is the kind of fast day I'm after: . to break the chains of injustice, . get rid of exploitation in the workplace, . free the oppressed, . cancel debts. The McDonald's announcement that the company is going to raise wages for 90,000 of its employees is a significant victory for fast-food cooks and cashiers and those of us who support them. By standing up together, fast-food workers are making it less acceptable for profitable companies like McDonald's to pay wages so low that its workers are boxed into poverty. But this action, which would raise starting wages at 1,500 McDonald's-owned restaurants to at least $1 an hour more than the minimum wage set by local law, falls short in three important ways . First, it leaves out the vast majority of McDonald's workers. The announcement only affects 10% of the McDonald's restaurants in the United States, ignoring the employees who work at franchised McDonald's restaurants. That means hundreds of thousands of workers serving Big Macs and fries won't see a dollar more in their paychecks. McDonald's claims that it has no responsibility for those franchises, but its workers, and the National Labor Relations Board, disagree. Secondly, this raise isn't nearly enough. One dollar above the minimum wage isn't enough to make paying for groceries, rent and transportation much easier, especially coming from a company that makes nearly $5 billion a year in profits. It's not enough for clothing or health care. It's not enough, as people of my faith say, for those cooks and cashiers to afford their daily bread. Thirdly, the raise does nothing to help workers have a voice in determining their workplace conditions. McDonald's and other companies need to stop trying to prevent their workers from speaking out together in a union. They should respect workers' right to collectively demand sensible schedules and such basics as adequate first aid kits, and not being compelled to work off the clock. We are at a turning point in American history. We are at a Third Reconstruction. We are at the moment when forces come together to push this country forward toward the goal of a better life for all: sustainable wages, affordable health care, quality education, and, respect for workers' right to stick together in unions so they can be heard. We are wining this fight, and the McDonald's announcement is proof that the momentum is on our side. When all McDonald's workers have more money in their pockets, they will inject money back into their neighborhoods, boosting the entire economy. Instead of houses in foreclosure and hungry children, we would have a rising wage floor and thriving communities that support more jobs. Today, thousands of McDonald's workers live below the federal poverty line. Many get help from government programs, especially food stamps, to make it week to week. Whether we like it or not, our tax dollars help McDonald's keep wages artificially low. This isn't just an economic issue.  It's a moral issue. I've talked to workers at McDonald's restaurants who say they have to skip meals because they don't have enough money. The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. once said, "What good is having the right to sit at a lunch counter if you can't afford to buy a hamburger?" It's time for McDonald's to make sure all the people who serve its burgers are paid enough to afford to eat them for dinner. But we aren't going to wait for divine intervention. We're going to keep organizing and keep fighting until the workers at McDonald's, and every other fast-food restaurant, get what makes sense for their families and our communities: a $15 per hour wage and a path to form a union without interference or retaliation. McDonald's took a small step forward by raising wages for a small minority of the people who run their stores. It's time for the corporation to find a way to raise wages for everyone working in its restaurants so they can pay their bills, put some money back into their community, and expand prosperity and opportunity across our land.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: McDonald's raises wages for 90,000 of its employees.
The announcement is a significant victory for fast-food workers.
The announcement falls short in three important ways.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 642, Total accepted tokens: 642, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)This is the time of the year when Christians the world over -- more than 2 billion of us -- reflect upon the crucifixion and resurrection of our Lord. In light of the tragic massacre of Christian college students in Kenya on Thursday, and the ongoing threat against Christians in other nations, this Holy Week  we are calling upon Christians to also reflect upon the crucifixion, beheading, stoning, enforced slavery, sexual abuse, human trafficking, harassment, bombing and displacement of hundreds of thousands of Christians -- and others -- whose faith alone has made them a target of religious extremists. Countless lives have been utterly destroyed in nations such as Iraq, Syria, Libya, Pakistan, India, Egypt, Kenya and Nigeria. In June 2012, Bishop Shlemon Warduni of Iraq told the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops, "We beg you to help. We want only peace, security, and freedom. Please no more death, no more explosions, no more injustice." By then, nearly every remaining church in Iraq had constructed a blast wall around its building to buffet the threat of the inevitable church bombing. This crisis escalated substantially last summer when ISIS swept like lightning through Iraq's Nineveh province, capturing the country's second-largest city, Mosul; a city that was until 2014 a home of a thriving Christian community, there centuries before Islam. Again and again the world did not respond as it might have, and now the inconceivable has happened: Iraq's Nineveh Plain has been emptied of its ancient Christianity community, which existed there for more than 1,500 years. On March 27, in a presentation to the U.N. Security Council, Chaldean Catholic Patriarch Louis Raphael Sako referred to the present reality of his fellow Iraqi Christians as a "catastrophic situation." He's right. Rarely since the first century has the church in the East faced persecution on this scale. Christian communities that took 2,000 years to build, and that were started by the apostles themselves, lie in ashes between the Tigris and the Euphrates. Survivors waste away as refugees, often in deplorable conditions, with no homes or churches to return to if the region eventually stabilizes. Whether they be Catholic, Orthodox or Protestant, Christian communities are united in what Pope Francis has called an "ecumenism of blood," recognizing that Christianity is experiencing more martyrdom today than in the first century. This is not an exaggerated or contrived crisis. As Nina Shea, director of the Hudson's Institute's Center for Religious Freedom, has aptly put it, "Piece by piece, Middle Eastern Christianity is being shattered." Our concern is not to the exclusion of anyone else under threat by these religious fanatics, and we reject those who believe that this evil is reflective of the majority of Muslims whose community has actually experienced the most casualties in this conflict. It is also true that Christianity faces a legitimate threat of extinction in several parts of Iraq and Syria and it faces a growing threat in nations such as Nigeria. In solidarity with those being threatened we agree with the words delivered by Jordan's King Abdullah II at the United Nations last fall, "Christians are an integral part of [the Middle East's] past, present and future." When history writes of our time will we be able to say that we tried everything in our power to cease this attempt to eliminate 2,000 years of Christianity from the Middle East and to stop this threat before it spreads to other nations? These communities need our love and support like never before, and they also need security and protection from the world like never before. This Easter we reflect upon the words of a Christian who was himself beheaded for his faith alone. He converted to Christianity one day on a road to Damascus, Syria, when his name was changed from Saul to Paul. In a letter to Christians living in another dangerous place in another persecuted time, he wrote, "Pray that we may be delivered from wicked and evil people." This Easter, let us earnestly pray with all the love of Christ for all those in harm's way.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Christians in Iraq, Syria, Pakistan, India, Egypt, Kenya and Nigeria are being threatened.
Pope Francis has called Christianity an "ecumenism of blood"
We call on Christians to pray for all those in harm's way.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 643, Total accepted tokens: 643, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The racist and offensive emails that resulted in three Ferguson, Missouri, city employees either resigning or being fired have been released. The exchanges between the city's top court clerk and two police officers were discovered during a U.S. Justice Department investigation of racial prejudice in the city's police and judicial system. The emails -- which make offensive references to President Barack Obama, first lady Michelle Obama as well as Muslims and minorities --  were obtained by the Washington Post on Thursday after a public records request. CNN reviewed them Friday. Police Capt. Rick Henke and Sgt. William Mudd resigned early last month after the emails were discovered as part of the evidence in the Justice Department's scathing Ferguson report. The city's top court clerk, Mary Ann Twitty, was fired in connection with the emails, officials said. One email showed Ronald Reagan, an actor before becoming President, feeding a chimp in the 1951 comedy "Bedtime for Bonzo," with the caption: "Rare photo of Ronald Reagan babysitting Barack Obama in 1962." Another showed a photo of bare-chested dancing women, apparently in Africa, with the caption "Michelle Obama's High School Reunion!" A June 2011 email described a man trying to put his dogs on welfare because the canines were "mixed in color, unemployed, lazy, can't speak English and have no ... clue who their Daddies are." Some critics have called for the department to be disbanded. Last month, embattled Police Chief Thomas Jackson resigned one week after the scathing Justice Department report slammed his department. Jackson will receive a severance payment and health insurance for one year, city officials said. Opinion: Change is coming to Ferguson . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder ordered the Ferguson police investigation after a white police officer, Darren Wilson, shot and killed black teenager Michael Brown last summer, setting off months of sometimes violent street protests in the town outside St. Louis. The DOJ declined to bring charges against Wilson, who has since left the force. No state charges were filed. In a separate report, the Justice Department described what it said was a "pattern and practice" of discrimination against African-Americans by the Ferguson police and municipal courts. That discrimination included racist emails. Ferguson is a town of 21,000 that is 67% African-American. Among the findings in the report: . From 2012 to 2014, 85% of people subject to vehicle stops by Ferguson police were African-American, 90% of those who received citations were blac and 93% of people arrested were black. In 88% of the cases in which Ferguson police officers reported using force, it was against African-Americans. From 2012-2014 black drivers were twice as likely as white drivers to be searched during traffic stops, but 26% less likely to be found in possession of contraband. Ferguson police chief mum on federal report . CNN's Ralph Ellis, John Newsome and Sara Sidner contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Emails show racist, offensive comments.
Police Capt. Rick Henke and Sgt. William Mudd resigned early last month.
City's top court clerk, Mary Ann Twitty, was fired in connection with the emails.
Police Chief Thomas Jackson resigned one week after the scathing Justice Department report.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 644, Total accepted tokens: 644, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested in Australia after at least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush, according to Australian media reports. Two Bundaberg residents, a 71-year old man and a 64-year old woman, were each charged with one count of unlawful possession of a firearm, broadcaster ABC reported. The woman, a licensed trainer, was also charged with obstructing police. Michael Beatty, spokesman for RSPCA Queensland, told ABC that inquiries were continuing. The animal rights organization is assisting Queensland police in their investigation. "A lot of people in the area who were involved in the greyhound industry were questioned, and it was as a result of information given to us that the joint Queensland Police Service and RSPCA investigation team made those arrests," he said. At a press conference Thursday, Queensland Police Minister Jo-Ann Miller described the discovery of the carcasses, which followed a tip-off from a member of the public, as sickening. "What I believe has happened here has been the mass murder of 55 greyhounds outside of Bundaberg," she said. She promised a zero tolerance approach to animal abuse. "The people who have perpetrated this crime, to me, are oxygen thieves, they are cowards and they are pathetic." Detective Superintendent Mark Ainsworth said the crime scene was "nothing short of abhorrent." "Some of the greyhounds were in different states of decay and that would sort of indicate to us that they've been dumped there over varying periods of time," he said. "The postmortem will reveal the cause of death of these dogs. However I will comment that a number of spent .22 cartridge shells were found in the vicinity." He said there had been a number of bushfires in the area surrounding the dumping site, which would also be factored into the investigation. Beatty said it appeared the dogs would have been culled by people involved in greyhound racing. "There's always been a lot of wastage in the greyhound industry," he said in a statement. "The indications are that these may just be young dogs that didn't have the speed, basically. But that's really all we know." Australia's greyhound racing industry has been under intense scrutiny since a television investigation revealing the illegal use of live bait in training dogs aired in February. The investigation, on the ABC network, showed footage of trainers fixing live possums, piglets and rabbits to lures to be chased and mauled to death by dogs, prompting a wave of bans and suspensions from the sport. Australians wager AU$4 billion ($3.03 billion) a year on greyhound racing, according to the ABC report. Ainsworth said the Queensland police had established a joint taskforce with the RSPCA to investigate the industry in the wake of the report. "We've not even tipped the iceberg as yet," he said, appealing for those involved in the industry to come forward. "You know who you are, you know what you've been involved in, and now is the time to stand up and be counted," he said. "It will only be a matter of time before we get around to knocking on everyone's door." Racing Queensland did not respond to a request for comment. CNN's Chieu Luu contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Two people, one of them a licensed greyhound trainer, have been arrested.
At least 55 dog carcasses were found dumped in Queensland bush.
Police: Crime scene was "nothing short of abhorrent"
Police are investigating the greyhound racing industry.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 645, Total accepted tokens: 645, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Two years ago in a less turbulent time, Mike Premeau and Kathy Danke launched a small business, Memories Gourmet Pizza Co., in their Wisconsin town. The two were successful in getting their line of frozen pizzas, including breakfast pizzas and gluten-free options, in stores across Nichols, west of Green Bay. They grew a base of loyal customers. But all that was threatened this week when people began mistaking them for Memories Pizza of Walkerton, Indiana, which made national headlines after its owners said they would refuse to cater a same-sex wedding. People posted angry comments on Memories Gourmet Pizza's Facebook page and called its phone number to protest. And almost overnight, Premeau and Danke found themselves thrust unwillingly into a national debate over Indiana's controversial Religious Freedom Restoration Act. "My stomach was in my throat all afternoon," Danke told CNN affiliates WBND and WFRV. "All of a sudden, our Facebook page started getting flooded," Premeau said. "I was shocked. It was like I was a rat running around in a cage, wondering what's going on here." In a cruel coincidence, the flood of outrage began on Wednesday, April Fool's Day. "If I'm ever in the area, I'll be sure to starve to death before I give you and you intolerance any of my money!" wrote one commenter on Facebook. "I don't have much of a message, except that I hope your bigotry puts you out of business very quickly," a man said in a voice mail. Indiana pizzeria finds itself at the center of 'religious freedom' debate . Premeau thinks the firestorm was sparked by people Googling "Memories Pizza" and confusing the two businesses -- despite the fact that Nichols and Walkerton are in separate states and almost 300 miles apart. He and Danke tried to defuse the outcry with a Facebook post saying in part, "We are not that company in Indiana, nor do we agree or condone their words or actions." In response, they began getting messages of support on Facebook, along with a few sharp-tongued comments from supporters of the other Memories Pizza. Premeau said he also got a call from a man whose initial post may have set off the social media storm, apologizing for the mistake. Still, he worries that damage to his wholesale pizza business may have been done. "This misinformation and this defamation of character could cause me to lose the business over someone else's identity in another state," he said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Wisconsin pizzeria finds itself at the center of 'religious freedom' debate.
Owner says he would refuse to cater same-sex wedding.
Owner says he would refuse to cater same-sex wedding.
Owner says he would refuse to cater same-sex wedding.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 646, Total accepted tokens: 646, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The complete skeleton of a camel thought to to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century has been found beneath a cellar in Austria. The remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the University of Veterinary Medicine Vienna (Vetmeduni), exploring the construction site for a shopping center in the city of Tulln in 2006-2007. "The partly excavated skeleton was at first suspected to be a large horse or cattle," archaeozoologist Alfred Galik said. "But one look at the cervical vertebrae, the lower jaw and the metacarpal bones immediately revealed that this was a camel." In their research, published in the journal "PLOS ONE," the archaeologists said Ottoman troops had besieged the area around Tulln in 1683 as they tried to reach Vienna, but that Tulln itself had never been conquered. The Ottoman Army had a "camelry," using camels for transportation and to ride, they said. Despite their city not falling, Tulln inhabitants and the Ottomans were in contact, with historic documents referring to the invading army's peaceful surrender of two prisoners of war, the researchers said. But they said it would be impossible to say how it got into the city. "Its appearance might be linked to an exchange of local people with the troops or the Ottoman army simply left it behind. Apparently, the citizens took it inside the town, where they probably kept and displayed it as an 'exotic animal,'" they said. "It seems quite conceivable that being not familiar with behavioral and feeding habits, the scarcity of food in wartimes, people did not keep it for long." While other camel bones have been found in Central Europe, the researchers said this was unique. "It is the first complete camel skeleton found in Central Europe and Central European territories under the control of the Ottoman Empire, apart from the complete skeleton of a dromedary recovered from the sediments of the Theodosius harbor on the European part of Istanbul." DNA analysis on the Tulln skeleton confirmed that it had been one of a hybrid species of camel, specifically a "Tulu," the offspring of dromedary female and a male with Bactrian DNA. "The two species are able to interbreed, which results in larger, more powerful and efficient hybrid offspring," researchers said. "The camel specimen from Tulln is the first archaeozoologically and genetically confirmed evidence of a Tulu hybrid camel." The camel was also believed to have been castrated to make it easier to handle. The Austrians' unfamiliarity with such a beast may have led to the skeleton's preservation. As opposed to the Ottoman troops -- who would likely have eaten the camel's flesh -- the residents of Tulln apparently buried the camel whole. "The dismemberment of the carcasses certainly is a reason for the scarce preservation of camel finds in general and is indicated by bones with butchering marks in particular. However, the citizens buried this camel in a typical post-mortal position, and together with rubbish in the remnants of a cellar that was leveled," researchers said. In their report, the researchers said the camel was found on the site of what had been an old tavern called "Auf der Rossmuhle." "The backfill of the cellar yielded masses of domestic refuse like animal bones and ceramics (e.g. plates, pans and flagons), pieces of a tiled stove and enameled pipe bowls which date the filling in the early modern period," they said. A coin dating from 1643-1715 and a medicine bottle from a chemist's operating from 1628-1665 helped the team date the site. Flooding and plagues affected Tulln in the 17th century and many buildings were demolished, they said. "Two building plots got new owners at the end of the century around the 1690, certainly the time when the cellar was backfilled, offering enough space to bury such a big cadaver in the center of the town," their report explains. "The skeleton remained there for more than 300 years to raise questions in the future."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Archaeologists find complete skeleton of camel beneath cellar in Austria.
Remains uncovered during construction of shopping center in Tulln.
Camel was believed to have been castrated to make it easier to handle.
Camel was found on site of old tavern called "Auf der Rossmuhle"
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 647, Total accepted tokens: 647, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Andrew Getty, the 47-year-old grandson of J. Paul Getty, died Tuesday afternoon in his home in Los Angeles, according to a statement from his mother and father. Ann and Gordon Getty also "requested that members of the media and the public respect (the family's) privacy during this extremely difficult time," the statement added. Getty's death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," Ed Winter, assistant chief in the Los Angeles County coroner's office, told CNN affiliate KTLA Tuesday night. Some medication had also been recovered from Getty's home, though investigators don't know if Getty was currently taking it or what his medical history was, Winter said. A female friend was at the home where Getty died and is cooperating with investigators, Los Angeles Police Department Capt. William Hayes said. KTLA reported that Getty was found on his side near a bathroom in his home. Where the Getty family fortune came from . Gordon Getty is one of three sons of J. Paul Getty, the oil tycoon who was thought to be the richest man in the world at the time of his death in 1976. Gordon Getty, 81, has a net worth of $2.1 billion, according to Forbes. Court records show Andrew Getty had recently filed to get a restraining order against a woman. A hearing in the case was scheduled for next week. CNN's attempt to reach Getty's attorney was not immediately successful. People we've lost in 2015 . CNN's Doug Criss, Janet DiGiacomo, Mike Love, Julie In and Cheri Mossburg contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Andrew Getty, grandson of J. Paul Getty, dies in his home in Los Angeles.
Ann and Gordon Getty also "requested that members of the media and the public respect (the family's) privacy," statement says.
Getty's death "appears to be natural (causes) or an accident," coroner says.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 648, Total accepted tokens: 648, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)We might never truly comprehend what drove co-pilot Andreas Lubitz to crash Germanwings Flight 9525 into the French Alps on March 24, killing everyone on board. The latest report shows that he sped up the descent of the plane to its doom. It's terrifying. As the investigation unfolds, we will learn more about to what extent Lubitz kept his mental illness secret, or how much help he sought. How much did his battle with depression affect his fitness to fly? Should he have walked away from his job? Should his doctors have sounded alarm bells? His case raises larger and important issues about people who are burdened with mental illness and the pressure of its stigma. Too often and for too long, people with mental illness have been regarded by others around them as disasters waiting to happen. When we don't distinguish between people with a mental illness who are dangerous to society and those who are a danger to no one, we reinforce a pernicious idea that's both bad for society and bad for those with mental illness. Some people feel a need to keep their mental illness a secret while others decline to seek help. That's why in our public and more private discourse, people with mental illness and the rest of society must talk about mental illness in a way that doesn't drive some into the darkness. We need to understand this malady as an illness and not a personal failing. And we have to recognize that "mental illness" is a broad category encompassing many different challenges that affect people in a variety of ways. People with mental illness are no more violent than the rest of the population and with proper treatment, many can recover and live healthy, productive lives. We must encourage them to open up, and when they do, we must listen to them and take their cries for help seriously. It wasn't that long ago that a diagnosis of cancer was a tightly-kept secret that many victims of the deadly malady kept from family members, friends and especially employers. But that changed dramatically over the years as people with cancer, their family members and caregivers came together to educate and change public opinion about the disease. Similarly, and with the courageous example of Michael J. Fox, we've seen perceptions about Parkinson's disease change for the better, as people learn more about what it is and isn't. Time to talk about depression . That's the kind of transformation we need around perceptions of mental illness through a better-informed public discussion. We have to put policies in place that encourage more openness without the severe repercussions people with mental illness fear. That includes enforcing and even strengthening the kind of protections we already have in place (through laws and regulations like the Americans for Disabilities Act) for individuals who disclose their disability. We also need to address the dilemma health care providers often face when they feel that strict patient privacy requirements inhibit them from alerting others to behaviors that could pose a public risk. It's a difficult balance. Sooner rather than later, policy leaders need to explore a way to provide greater flexibility in patient privacy regulations to enable health care providers to identify seriously ill persons who could potentially pose a harm to innocent people. At the same time, we must reassure those who forthrightly reveal their struggles with mental illness that they can still carry on their lives in ways that will be valuable to their communities, families and employers. That can start with urging employers not to dismiss anyone who discloses his or her mental illness and to retrain them for other appropriate positions. If companies ban them from the workforce or from other roles in society, we will just be shifting the problem elsewhere and perpetuating the stigma that dangerously drives them underground. We won't pretend that this is an easy problem to solve. But, awful as Germanwings Flight 9525 tragedy was, the case may galvanize a discussion and reexamination that is long overdue. We need to build awareness and support for those who suffer from mental illness.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed into French Alps on March 24.
Co-pilot Andreas Lubitz was diagnosed with depression.
Lubitz's case raises larger and important issues about mental illness stigma.
We must encourage people with mental illness to open up about their struggles.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 649, Total accepted tokens: 649, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: April 8, 2015 . After a report on headlines concerning the U.S. and Cuba, CNN Student News gives some perspective on California's historic drought: Its effects are becoming more likely to ripple across the nation. There's been a flu outbreak in Chicago -- but not one that affects humans. And a proposed tunnel would connect Denmark and Germany via an undersea road and rail line. On this page you will find today's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call. TRANSCRIPT . Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program. Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published. CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards, national standards in different subject areas, and state standards when producing the show. ROLL CALL . For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News, comment on the bottom of this page with your school name, mascot, city and state. We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call! Thank you for using CNN Student News!<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN Student News: California's historic drought is likely to ripple across the nation.
Chicago has a flu outbreak, but not one that affects humans.
A proposed tunnel would connect Denmark and Germany via an undersea road and rail line.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 650, Total accepted tokens: 650, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)He wouldn't give his name. But the name tattooed on his neck -- Gertrude -- gave him away. That's what Kankakee County, Illinois, Sheriff Tim Bukowski said Saturday about Kamron Taylor, the 23-year-old convicted murderer turned jail escapee until his arrest overnight in Chicago. Authorities around Illinois had been looking for Taylor since early Wednesday, when he jumped a correctional officer at Kankakee's Jerome Combs Detention Center, then took off with the guard's uniform and SUV. Surveillance video was the last officials saw of Taylor until just before midnight Friday, in Chicago. "They saw a guy that matched the description," Bukowski said. "And if you're in law enforcement very long, you just get a feeling that something's not right. ... I think that's what happened." The suspect ran five city blocks before being tracked down, carrying a loaded handgun. He didn't go easily, refusing to identify himself. But when Chicago police contacted their law enforcement counterparts about 60 miles south in Kankakee County and told them about the tattoo, it became clearer who the man was. As Bukowski said of the Gertrude tattoo, "It's not a common name to have around your neck." Fingerprints later confirmed that Chicago police had indeed caught up with Taylor. While not offering details beyond that no one is thought to have driven him north nor did a tipster call to specify his location, Bukowski did say "we have some ideas of where he went and how he ended up" in the Windy City. It wasn't immediately known either when Taylor will return to Kankakee County. But, when he does, the sheriff said the convict will likely face an attempted murder charge for his attack of the jail guard on top of his already extensive criminal history. Murderer overpowers guard, drives off in his SUV . Bukowski said he expects that Taylor will eventually be incarcerated outside Kankakee County, in part because "you don't want someone to raise" the idea that guards there might somehow seek retaliation for the attack on one of their own. What the sheriff doesn't want is for Taylor to go free ever again. This is a man, after all, who killed a man in a June 2013 botched robbery, had to be wrestled to the ground by bailiffs after his conviction in late February, then escaped jail after assaulting the guard. "He's not going to walk down the block again, I don't believe," Bukowski said. The assaulted correctional officer remains in an Illinois hospital, where his condition has improved and he's been able to talk to fellow authorities. This qualifies as very good news, given that authorities think Taylor "believed that he had killed that correctional officer by strangling him" around 3 a.m. (4 a.m. ET) Wednesday, according to the sheriff. The guard was making his rounds when he was attacked from the side, then severely beaten and choked. Taylor then allegedly disrobed the guard, a military veteran and 10-year employee of the corrections department. The guard was left on the jail floor, going in and out of consciousness, for about 35 minutes before authorities -- concerned because the guard hadn't responded to calls -- found him, the sheriff said. The alleged attacker then walked out of the jail, albeit only after having his identity checked by camera after pushing a button to notify "master control" that he wanted to leave. "We think that because he had the officer's uniform on," the sheriff explained this week, "that's how he was able to effectively escape." Now that Taylor is once again locked up, the focus has shifted more to how he left in the first place. Opining that the escape wouldn't have occurred "if everybody had followed protocol," Bukowski said it's believed the inmate wasn't in his cell at lockdown. "That's where the big mistake happened," the sheriff said. "Someone missed that. And from that point on, things broke down." CNN's John Newsome contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kamron Taylor, 23, was convicted of killing a correctional officer.
He jumped guard at Kankakee County, Illinois, detention center.
Taylor ran five city blocks before being tracked down, carrying a loaded handgun.
Authorities believe he jumped guard in June 2013.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 651, Total accepted tokens: 651, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)As his military career winds down, Britain's Prince Harry is going to be spending some time down under. The 30-year-old prince is due to arrive Monday in Australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces there. Harry "will work and live alongside colleagues in the Australian Army in a number of regiments in Sydney, Darwin and Perth," the Australian Defence Forces said Thursday. He has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career, a spokesman said. "Prince Harry has trained and served alongside Australian armed forces on operational tours to Afghanistan; he has met them during the Invictus Games; and even trekked to the South Pole with a couple of Australian soldiers," the spokesman said. The younger son of Prince Charles and Princess Diana, Harry is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales," from his official title and name, His Royal Highness Prince Henry of Wales. He began his formal military duties in 2005 at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. Last month, he announced that he would be leaving the armed forces in June, describing the decision as "really tough." Australian military officials say the prince's program with them will be "challenging." It will involve training in urban settings and patrolling the Australian bush, as well as aviation activities and fire exercises. He'll also participate in regular activities like physical training and pack marches, the Australian military said. Harry will also spend time meeting wounded, injured and ill service members in Australia. "Wounded warriors" are a special interest for Prince Harry. He helped spearhead and continues to champion the Invictus Games, a competition for former military personnel who have been wounded in the line of duty. Before he reports for duty Monday, the prince will lay a wreath at the war memorial in the Australian capital, Canberra. During his attachment with the Australian military, Harry will accompany Charles on a trip to Turkey at the end of April for commemorations on the anniversary of the World War I Battle of Gallipoli. CNN's Max Foster contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Prince Harry is due to arrive in Australia for a four-week stint with the armed forces.
He has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions.
The younger son of Prince Charles and Princess Diana is known as "Captain Harry Wales"
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 652, Total accepted tokens: 652, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)They used to do the guarding at Florida prisons. Now they're the ones behind bars. Two Florida corrections officers and one former officer trainee have been charged in a plot to kill a former inmate who was getting out of prison, the Florida Attorney General's office said Thursday. An FBI informant met the men -- Thomas Jordan Driver, 25; David Elliot Moran, 47; and Charles Thomas Newcomb, 42 -- after infiltrating a branch of the KKK:  the Traditional American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, CNN affiliate WJXT reported. Driver told the informant that he had gotten into a fight with the inmate and that he and Moran wanted him "six feet under," according to court documents. To convince the suspects that the deed had been done, the FBI staged a fake homicide scene with the former inmate and took pictures to show them that he had been killed. "When the FBI staged this crime scene and these photographs were shown to each of these men, they were happy about it," said Statewide Prosecutor Nick Cox. The three men are now facing up to 30 years in jail if convicted on one count each of conspiracy to commit murder. "We will not tolerate nor will we ever remain silent over the violence of hatred embedded in prejudice in this country," Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi said. CNN's Joe Sutton contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Two Florida corrections officers, one former officer trainee charged in plot.
FBI informant met the men after infiltrating a branch of the KKK.
The men are now facing up to 30 years in jail if convicted on one count each.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 653, Total accepted tokens: 653, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)An improvised bomb exploded near a U.N. vehicle traveling near the northeastern Somali city of Garowe on Monday morning, killing six people -- including four aid workers for the international children's agency UNICEF. Somalia's President called it "an attack against the future of our country." The attack follows a separate incident Sunday in which three African Union troops died in an ambush in the Lower Shabelle region of Somalia. The terrorist group Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for Monday's attack, which occurred about 8 a.m. in the administrative capital of the autonomous Puntland region, according to the United Nations Assistance Mission in Somalia. Four of the victims were foreigners and two were Somalis, said Ahmed Abdullahi Samatar, the police chief of Puntland. UNICEF, the U.N. aid agency focused on children, said it employed four of the dead. Four other workers were in serious condition, the agency said. The bomb went off as a vehicle was taking workers from their guest house to their office. The local police chief said the bomber was inside the vehicle among the U.N. staff. The bomber also died in the attack, according to authorities. Nick Kay, the special representative of the U.N. secretary-general for Somalia, condemned the attack on his Twitter account. "Shocked and appalled by loss of life," he said. Somalia's President, Hassan Sheikh Mohamud, said he was horrified by the attack. "This attack is not just targeted at the United Nations, but in attacking UNICEF, Al-Shabaab has also attacked Somali children. It is an attack against the future of our country and I condemn it in the strongest possible terms," he said. UNICEF called the slain workers "an integral part of UNICEF's work in Somalia, dedicated to improving the lives of others." Al-Shabaab, the al Qaeda-affiliated terrorist group based in Somalia, caused outrage this month by carrying out an attack on a Kenyan university. Nearly 150 people, most of them students, died in that attack. In the Sunday incident, three African Union troops were ambushed in the Lower Shabelle region. The African Union Commission for Somalia, or AMISOM, said Sunday that the troops died during a "spirited fight" with attackers. "This attack on AMISOM peacekeepers is part of the continuous effort to subvert Somalia. It is an attempt at disrupting the growth that is evident across all regions, by the enemies of the Somali people. The blood of our brothers will however not be shed in vain. AMISOM will remain committed to pacifying Somalia," said AMISOM Ambassador Maman S. Sidikou. CNN's Nana Karikari-apau and journalist Omar Nor contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Bomb explodes near U.N. vehicle in Garowe, killing six people.
NEW: Four of the victims were foreigners, two were Somalis.
NEW: UNICEF, the U.N. aid agency focused on children, said it employed four of the dead.
NEW: Bomb went off as a vehicle was taking workers from their guest house to their office.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 654, Total accepted tokens: 654, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Britain's Prince Harry arrived Monday in Australia, where he'll be spending four weeks with the country's military. Before reporting for duty, the 30-year-old prince visited the Australian War Memorial in Canberra, the capital, paying his respects at the Tomb of the Unknown Australian Soldier. A crowd of onlookers gathered outside the memorial. Some snapped photos of the royal visitor, while one boy held a sign celebrating the prince's hair color: "Red Heads Rule!" During his time down under, Harry "will work and live alongside colleagues in the Australian Army in a number of regiments in Sydney, Darwin and Perth," the Australian Defence Forces said last week. He has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions during his 10-year military career, according to a royal spokesman. "Prince Harry has trained and served alongside Australian armed forces on operational tours to Afghanistan; he has met them during the Invictus Games; and even trekked to the South Pole with a couple of Australian soldiers," the spokesman said ahead of the visit. The younger son of Prince Charles and Princess Diana, Harry is known in the British Army as "Captain Harry Wales," from his official title and name, His Royal Highness Prince Henry of Wales. He began his formal military duties in 2005 at the Royal Military Academy Sandhurst. Last month, he announced that he would be leaving the armed forces in June, describing the decision as "really tough." Australian military officials say the prince's program with them will be "challenging." It will involve training in urban settings and patrolling the Australian bush, as well as aviation activities and fire exercises. He'll also participate in regular activities such as physical training and pack marches. Another focus of Harry's visit is to spend time meeting wounded, injured and ill service members in Australia. "Wounded warriors" are a special interest for Prince Harry. He helped spearhead and continues to champion the Invictus Games, a competition for former military personnel who have been wounded in the line of duty. During his attachment with the Australian military, Harry will accompany Charles on a trip to Turkey at the end of April for commemorations on the anniversary of the World War I Battle of Gallipoli.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Prince Harry visits the Australian War Memorial in Canberra.
He will be spending four weeks with the country's military.
Harry has already spent time with Australian troops on a number of occasions.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 655, Total accepted tokens: 655, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Australia, an important ally of the United States, has agreed to share some of its intelligence with Iran. Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop said the deal is "an informal arrangement" with an emphasis on tracking Australians who go to Iraq to fight for ISIS. But one Australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as "dancing with the devil." Over the weekend, Bishop became the first Australian government minister to visit Iran in 12 years, meeting with President Hassan Rouhani. The intelligence-sharing deal was announced in an interview released Monday that Bishop gave to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation while in Tehran. "During my discussions with the national leadership here, it was agreed that we could share intelligence, particularly on the foreign terrorist fighters from Australia who are taking part in this conflict in Iraq," she said. The Iranians "were very agreeable to share that information with us," she added. Like many Western nations, Australia is grappling with the problem of citizens who are choosing to travel to Iraq and Syria to join ISIS, which calls itself the Islamic State. Australia is part of the U.S.-led coalition that's carrying out airstrikes against ISIS. During the fight against the Sunni extremist group, the coalition has found its interests aligned at times with those of Iran, a Shiite-majority nation that has strong ties with the Iraqi government. Iran-backed Shiite militias played an important role in the recent battle to take the Iraqi city of Tikrit from ISIS jihadists. "Iran has a long standing relationship with Iraq, and as you point out, they have a very strong military presence there. They also have an influence over the Shia militia who are operating within Iraq," she said. "So they are in Iraq, in places that we are not. They also have a very sophisticated intelligence network and they have a lot of information that they've been gathering." Bishop, who left  Tehran on Sunday, declined to give details of the agreement with Iran. "Obviously, if Iran has information that will be of interest to us, and if we have information that would be of interest to them, in pursuing our common purpose in defeating Daesh, then that's an appropriate exchange," she said, using an alternative name for ISIS. But Andrew Wilkie, an independent Australian member of parliament, criticized the plan. "The announcement by the Foreign Minister that Australia is entering into a security arrangement with the regime in Tehran really should send shudders down the spine of every Australian," he said, according to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation. "When you start dancing with the devil in a place like Tehran, then we run the risk of becoming almost as bad as those who we dance with," Wilkie told reporters.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Australia, an ally of the U.S., has agreed to share some of its intelligence with Iran.
Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the deal is "an informal arrangement"
Bishop met with President Hassan Rouhani in Tehran on Saturday.
One Australian lawmaker reportedly described the move as "dancing with the devil"
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 656, Total accepted tokens: 656, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Pope Francis reminded the world of the Vatican's status as a state and his role as a moral diplomat in his traditional speech given at the end of Easter Mass. The Pontiff lamented the suffering of people in the conflicts currently making headlines and called for violence everywhere to end. Foremost, he asked that bloodshed end in Iraq and Syria and that humanitarian aid get to those in need. "May the international community not stand by before the immense humanitarian tragedy unfolding in these countries and the drama of the numerous refugees," he said in his "urbi et orbi" address, Latin for "to the city (Rome) and to the world." Then he turned to the Holy Land, expressing the wish that the peace process between Israelis and Palestinians resume. Francis mentioned Libya; the nuclear talks with Iran in Lausanne, Switzerland; Yemen; Nigeria; South Sudan; and the shooting at the Garissa University College in Kenya. He also hoped for peace in Ukraine and for healing for those who have suffered there. The Pope turned to economic oppression: "We ask for peace and freedom for the many men and women subject to old and new forms of enslavement on the part of criminal individuals and groups," he said. He asked for peace from drug dealers, corrupt officials who collaborate with them, and arms dealers. Pope Francis ended the address consoling the marginalized, the poor, the sick and the suffering. And he wished all a happy Easter. CNN's Annie Ramos contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Pope Francis: May the international community not stand by before the humanitarian tragedy.
Francis: Peace process between Israelis and Palestinians resume.
Francis: Peace in Ukraine, healing for those who have suffered in Ukraine.
Francis: Peace from drug dealers, corrupt officials, arms dealers.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 657, Total accepted tokens: 657, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Duke University students and faculty members marched Wednesday afternoon chanting "We are not afraid. We stand together,"  after a noose was found hanging from a tree on campus. Duke officials have asked anyone with information about the rope noose, which was found near a student center at 2 a.m., to call campus police. Photos of the noose prompted outrage from the community as they were passed along on social media. At a forum held on the steps of Duke Chapel, close to where the noose was hung, hundreds of people gathered. "You came here for the reason that you want to say with me, 'This is no Duke we will accept. This is no Duke we want. This is not the Duke we're here to experience. And this is not the Duke we're here to create,' " Duke President Richard Brodhead told the crowd. The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students. Last month a fraternity at the University of Oklahoma had its charter removed after a video surfaced showing members using the N-word and referring to lynching in a chant. Two students were expelled. In February, a noose was hung around the neck of a statue of a famous civil rights figure at the University of Mississippi. A statement issued by Duke said there was a previous report of hate speech directed at students on campus. In the news release, the vice president for student affairs called the noose incident a "cowardly act." "To whomever committed this hateful and stupid act, I just want to say that if your intent was to create fear, it will have the opposite effect," Larry Moneta said. Duke University is a private college with about 15,000 students in Durham, North Carolina.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Duke University students and faculty members march Wednesday.
Chanting "We are not afraid. We stand together," officials say.
Noose found hanging from tree on campus at 2 a.m. Wednesday.
Duke officials have asked anyone with information about the rope noose to call campus police.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 658, Total accepted tokens: 658, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A U.S. citizen with alleged ties to al Qaeda did not enter a plea during his initial court appearance Thursday on charges of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists. Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, was deported from Pakistan to the United States. He's accused of plotting to fight against American forces abroad, according to a complaint unsealed in U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York in Brooklyn. "This is news for celebration," said CNN counterterrorism analyst Philip Mudd. "Pretty simple reason why: If you look at a case like this, I think most Americans would say the significance of this case is that this guy, an American, is going to come back home and conduct an attack. Instead, you should look at him as a ... facilitator. "He's not going to burn himself by coming back. He's going to serve as the conduit or known in Pakistan who understands the West, how you travel, how you stay out of the clutches of law enforcement and he also understands al Qaeda in Pakistan. Those people are really hard to come by. This is a great catch not because he was a potential bomber but because he could have trained tens of bombers." Farekh's court appearance comes on the same day that federal prosecutors announced the arrests of two New York women accused of planning to build an explosive device for an attack on U.S. soil. The women, identified as Noelle Velentzas, 28, and Asia Siddiqui, 31, were arrested in a plot inspired by the terrorist group ISIS and others to build a weapon of mass destruction, according to a criminal complaint. They are both U.S. citizens and were roommates in the borough of Queens. Farekh allegedly departed from Canada and headed to Pakistan with two other men in 2007 with the intention of fighting American forces abroad, prosecutors said. In the past 18 months, the Justice Department's National Security Division has prosecuted or is prosecuting more than 30 cases of people attempting to travel abroad to join or provide support to terrorist groups. Of those cases, 18 allegedly involve support to ISIS. "Given how the terrorist threat to the world is evolving, how the potential terrorist threat to our nation is evolving, homeland security is becoming a matter of 'hometown security,' " Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson told reporters Thursday. "The terrorist threat is more decentralized, more diffuse, more complicated. It involves the potential lone wolf actor, it involves the effective use of social media, the Internet." A Texas native, Farekh and his co-conspirators allegedly conspired to provide material support and resources to al Qaeda from 2006 to 2009, according to the complaint. Their intention, according to court documents: To kill and attempt to kill U.S. government employees and military personnel abroad. "Al Farekh allegedly provided material support to terrorists with every intention of becoming a martyr," FBI Assistant Director in Charge Diego Rodriguez said in a statement. "Today, members of our military are safer." When Farekh, another man named Ferid Imam and a third co-conspirator left Canada for Pakistan in 2007, they did not inform their families of their plans, court documents said. The three men were enrolled as students at the University of Manitoba in Winnipeg, Canada. Prosecutors said they called a friend in Canada after arriving in Pakistan to say that they would not be heard from again because they were becoming martyrs. In September 2008, Imam allegedly provided weapons and other military training at an al Qaeda camp in Pakistan to three men -- Najibullah Zazi, Zarein Ahmedzay and Adis Medunjanin. The trio had planned to return to the United States to carry out a suicide attack on the New York subway, according to prosecutors. Zazi and Ahmedzay have pleaded guilty and are cooperating with prosecutors. They have not been sentenced. Medunjanin was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment. Imam has been indicted for his role in the plot. If convicted, Farekh faces a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison. His next court date is May 2.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: U.S. citizen with alleged ties to al Qaeda did not enter plea during court appearance.
Muhanad Mahmoud Al Farekh, 29, accused of plotting to fight against American forces.
Al Farekh allegedly departed from Canada and headed to Pakistan with two others.
Al Qaeda plot inspired by the terrorist group ISIS, prosecutors say.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 659, Total accepted tokens: 659, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sanaa, Yemen (CNN)A border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants in Yemen this week, the state-run Saudi Press Agency reported Thursday -- marking Saudi Arabia's first publicly known military death since it launched airstrikes against rebels inside its southern neighbor. The clash occurred Wednesday night at the border in southwestern Saudi Arabia's Asir region, when militants in a mountainous area on the Yemeni side fired on Saudi border troops, prompting them to return fire, SPA reported. Besides the slain border guard -- identified as Cpl. Salman Ali Yahya al-Maliki -- 10 others suffered injuries that were not life-threatening, the Saudi media outlet said. On Thursday, Houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden, a neutral security official and two Houthi commanders in Aden told CNN. The palace had been where President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi, who fled the country last month, had stayed for a period of time after Houthis secured control of the capital, Sanaa, in January. According to the security official, Houthis now control most large districts in Aden amid ongoing clashes. Yemeni special forces, considered pro-Houthi and loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, arrived in Aden on Thursday in an attempt "to secure the city," a Saudi official with knowledge of the situation told CNN. "I can now confirm that it is not Saudi special forces who have landed but Yemeni special forces loyal to Saleh who landed by small boat. They are few in number and have made their way to the old parliament building," the intelligence official said. U.S. Navy warships, meanwhile, were patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping in the region, in particular any weapons shipments from Iran to the Houthi rebels they are supporting in Yemen, a U.S. defense official told CNN. The Navy on Wednesday came across a Panamanian-registered cargo ship that had left an Iranian port, the official said. Based on the route of the ship from Iran to Yemen, the Navy declared it a "vessel of interest" and requested permission from the captain to search it. The ship was found to be carrying cement and construction materials, the official said. It was sent on its way. The offshore area has been a route for weapons smuggling into Yemen, as well as Sudan and Gaza, so the Navy has maintained a regular surveillance presence there. The official said that increased fighting in the last several days in southern Yemen has resulted in other ships trying to dock to help civilians leave the country. Marie Claire Feghali, an International Committee of the Red Cross spokeswoman in Sanaa, described events in Aden as "extremely fluid and very, very complicated." "Hospitals are still struggling, running out of supplies. So are we," she said. "We cannot move much in Aden due to the intense fighting and chaos." A hospital near heavy fighting was forced to shut down. Officials: Al Qaeda fighters free 270 from Yemeni prisons . CNN's Barbara Starr contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Saudi Arabia's first publicly known military death since airstrikes against rebels.
Saudi border guard killed in cross-boundary fire exchange with militants.
Houthi rebels seized the presidential palace in the southern Yemeni port city of Aden.
U.S. Navy warships patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 660, Total accepted tokens: 660, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Dubai (CNN)It's with some trepidation that I set off for the Al Marmoum camel race in Dubai. As the only Gulf national in the CNN team, I am expected to be familiar with camel racing, an ancient tradition in the region. But despite my attempts to dress in a kandora, a UAE national dress, my modern outlook on life means I am a total outsider in this world. A cheerful farm owner leads us inside the majlis -- meeting area -- where the camel owners are gathering. The wide space of the majlis feels like an ornate theater. The camel owners are sitting on the floor, eating the a'aish, a traditional Arabic dish of fish and rice, laid out in front of them. The conversation is loud and exciting. We take our place on the floor and slowly, the world of camel racing begins to open up to us. The conversation is all about camels; the best breeds, famous old champions, training methods, bad losers and potential winners. Over Arabic coffee and dates I am told that remote controlled robots have replaced children as camel jockeys -- this primal sport is moving with the times. Once lunch is over, we head to the track for the racing to begin. There will be 14 races through the afternoon. And in addition to the honor and prestige, the camels are racing for thousands of dollars in prize money and fancy new cars for their owners. It's surprising how spectacular camel racing can be. Compared to the grace of thoroughbred racehorses, camels are indeed ungainly creatures. But 20 of these huge beasts pounding around a track in the desert is really a sight to behold, their hooves throwing up a cloud of dust in their wake. Their owners hang out of their four-by-fours, shouting encouragement while trying to keep up with their charges. It is oddly beautiful. The winning camels are paraded with pride, their heads and necks covered in bright golden saffron and their owners applauded for their efforts and rewarded with cash prizes. As we excitedly watch the final race draw to a close, the sun sets across the sky of this metropolis. Camel racing bears no relevance to the modernity embraced here, but this old-fashioned sport is equally as fascinating.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN's Gulf national in the CNN team sets off for the Al Marmoum camel race in Dubai.
The race is an ancient tradition in the region and the camels are racing for thousands of dollars.
The winning camels are paraded with pride, their heads and necks covered in bright golden saffron.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 661, Total accepted tokens: 661, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: April 2, 2015 . An unstable Middle Eastern country has become a potential battlefield for a proxy war. Today on CNN Student News, hear an explainer on why Yemen is the focus of global concern. We also report on the origins of April Fools' Day, we detail how a 1,000-year-old recipe could cure a modern-day superbug, and we feature a Character Study on a woman who's steering kids to a better life. On this page you will find today's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call. TRANSCRIPT . Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program. Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published. CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards, national standards in different subject areas, and state standards when producing the show. ROLL CALL . For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News, comment on the bottom of this page with your school name, mascot, city and state. We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call! Thank you for using CNN Student News!<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN Student News reports on Yemen, April Fools' Day, superbug and woman.
CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 662, Total accepted tokens: 662, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: April 3, 2015 . We're starting with some international headlines today, covering events in Switzerland, Kenya and the Pacific Ocean. California's historic drought is now hitting home for many residents and businesses, who've been ordered to cut their water usage. We discuss two religious holidays being celebrated worldwide this weekend, and we take a look at a pair of subjects related to U.S. National Parks. It's all featured this Friday on CNN Student News. On this page you will find today's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call. TRANSCRIPT . Click here to access the transcript of today's CNN Student News program. Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published. WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ . Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz (PDF). 1. What nation voted to replace Goodluck Jonathan with Muhammadu Buhari as president? 2. Name the U.S. astronaut who recently blasted off for a nearly year-long mission to the International Space Station. 3. Hydraulic fracturing, also known as fracking, and horizontal drilling are methods of extracting what substance? 4. Despite his nickname "the Little Corporal," what historic conqueror was likely taller than other men of his era? 5. What nation is leading airstrikes against Yemen, following a governmental takeover there by Houthi rebels? 6. Though the spread of the Ebola virus appears to have stopped in Liberia and slowed down in Sierra Leone, new cases have increased in what West African nation? 7. During what period of European history was an eye ointment described that's now showing effectiveness against a modern-day superbug? 8. Scientists have fitted certain insects, members of the family Blattidae, with tiny backpacks that manipulate their neural systems. Name these insects. 9. In what body of water is Typhoon Maysak, which is threatening to make landfall in an island nation this weekend? 10. What two religious holidays will be celebrated around the world this weekend? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards, national standards in different subject areas, and state standards when producing the show. ROLL CALL . For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News, comment on the bottom of this page with your school name, mascot, city and state. We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show. You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call! Thank you for using CNN Student News!<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists.
CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists.
CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 663, Total accepted tokens: 663, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Misao Okawa, the world's oldest person according to Guinness World Records, has died at the age of 117. Okawa passed away Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan, Tadahi Uchimura, a local official from the city told CNN. She left behind three children, four grandchildren and six great grandchildren. Okawa was born on March 5, 1898. Her family ran a Kimono shop in Osaka, Satoshi Yoshioka, an employee at the nursing home where she had lived since 1997 told CNN. "She was a person with mild character, and loved to eat so much. Her favorite food was sushi and udon noodles," Yoshioka said. "She had eaten a lot of cake for her birthday last March 5. " "However, in the last 10 days she stopped eating. I think eating was her motivation to live, and when she lost it, she passed away." According to Guiness World Records, the oldest person ever was Jeanne Louise Calment, who died at age 122 in 1997.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Okawa died Wednesday morning in Osaka, Japan.
She was born on March 5, 1898.
She was the world's oldest person according to Guinness World Records.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 664, Total accepted tokens: 664, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Mogadishu, Somalia (CNN)Gunmen stormed the headquarters of Somalia's education ministry in the country's capital on Tuesday after a suicide car bombing, a two-pronged attack that killed at least 12 people and injured 16 others, officials said. The Islamist militant group Al-Shabaab is responsible for the attack in the center of Mogadishu, group spokesman Abu Musab said. The attack began when two suicide bombers detonated their car at the entrance of the two-story building housing the Ministry of Education, Culture & Higher Education, Somali National Security Ministry spokesman Mohamed Yusuf said. Five gunmen then entered the building, shooting people inside, Yusuf said. Security guards at the building, and, later, Somali special forces battled the gunmen inside, witnesses said. Soldiers from the African Union, who are in Somalia in part to support the government's fight against Al-Shabaab, teamed up with Somali security forces to shoot and kill the five attackers, Yusuf said. The attack killed four Somali soldiers and eight civilians, according to Yusuf. The special forces helped people out of the building while the attack was underway, city police Capt. Mohamud Abdi said. Ali Hassan, a man who was helped from the building, confirmed that a rescue operation was happening inside. Somalia-based Al-Shabaab has battled the country's government for years, aiming to overthrow it and turn the nation into a fundamentalist Islamic state. In recent years, the group also launched terror attacks beyond Somalia's borders, sometimes targeting non-Muslims. What is Al-Shabaab, and what does it want? Earlier this month, Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Garissa University College in neighboring Kenya, killing 147 people, mostly students. The terrorists separated Christians from Muslims and shot those who couldn't recite verses from the Quran, witnesses said. In Somalia, Al-Shabaab has been blamed for attacks that have killed international aid workers, journalists, civilian leaders and African Union peacekeepers. Late last month, Al-Shabaab militants detonated a bomb and sprayed bullets at a Mogadishu hotel, leaving at least 20 people dead in an attack that lasted a number of hours. Among those killed was Yusuf Mohamed Ismail Bari-Bari, Somalia's permanent representative to the United Nations in Geneva, Switzerland. Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu. CNN's Jason Hanna wrote in Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Somali militants responsible for suicide bombing in capital Mogadishu.
Five gunmen then entered the building, shooting people inside.
Somali special forces battled the gunmen inside, witnesses said.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 665, Total accepted tokens: 665, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)One war was enough for Gregory Margolin. Now 87 years old, he was a 16-year-old Jewish recruit when he fought in the Soviet Red Army. As he fought the Nazis in World War II, his family fled. "I did not show that I was Jewish," Margolin says. "But it did not matter because people were being killed left and right. All around me." This year, in Ukraine, he found himself again surrounded by war. Margolin was a sniper who rose to be a commander in the army. His old uniform is still adorned with medals from his time in the military. His granddaughter Liora still marvels at his stories from the war. She is amazed that he managed to survive. Suffering from Alzheimer's disease, a degenerative condition that impairs memory, he struggles to remember his own life sometimes, but he remembers the horrors of war. His eyes slowly shift back and forth as he seeks the right word. Or perhaps the right memory. His hands shake ever so slightly. It seems he knows he has lived a life. He is just trying to remember all the details. "People were hiding in shelters under the ground," Liora says of the stories Margolin once told. "They were being shot at point blank range. It was terrible." "[The Nazis] would have erased us from the Earth," Margolin remembers. "They attacked us and we fought back." After the war, Margolin settled in Donetsk in Eastern Ukraine. His family grew. He built a life. Then, decades later, he found himself in the middle of a war once again. "A missile fell and the house was destroyed. We were attacked," Margolin says. "A missile fell. I remember." Margolin's family lived in a neighborhood next to the Donetsk airport, near some of the most intense fighting in Eastern Ukraine as pro-Russian separatists battled the Ukrainian army. Margolin, who had survived one war, was able to survive another, even as the stray missile hit his house on February 10. It spared him, but it killed his daughter Ira. "The moment it happened, we decided that's it. Here and now, we're moving to Israel," says Liora. "This is the safest place." Margolin arrived in Israel on March 24. Asked why the family waited to leave the war-torn region of Eastern Ukraine, Liora says they felt they would be fine in Donetsk, while Liora prayed for their safety from Israel. "No matter how much we're afraid of the next war here and as much as it's not quiet here, it is the quietest place." Margolin came over in a wave of Ukrainian Jewish immigration to Israel that coincided with the beginning of hostilities in Eastern Ukraine. The International Fellowship of Christians and Jews, an organization that works to build interfaith understanding and support for Israel, has brought 600 Jews to Israel since December, Margolin among them. Rabbi Yechiel Eckstein, the fellowship's founder, says, "We set up a refugee center. It's the first time since the Holocaust that the Jewish world has had to set up a refugee center for these Jews who are fleeing and have nowhere to go." Among the Ukrainian Jews moving to Israel, Eckstein says they have worked with approximately a dozen Holocaust survivors. On Yom HaShoah, Israel's Holocaust Remembrance Day that commemorates the Nazi extermination of 6 million Jews, these stories of survival reverberate with a renewed energy. Jews who struggled to survive once find themselves fleeing to survive now. "Most of the [Jewish] people in the Ukraine are Holocaust survivors or children of Holocaust survivors. These are the people who made it, who are able to flee or come back or to stay or to somehow survive the Holocaust." Margolin was one of these people, able to survive the Holocaust as a soldier in the Soviet Army. His story can be difficult for him to remember sometimes, but it is impossible for his family to forget. The voices of Auschwitz .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: 87-year-old Jewish sniper Gregory Margolin is in Ukraine.
He was a sniper who rose to be a commander in the army.
His family fled after the war.
He was able to survive another war, even as a stray missile hit his house.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 666, Total accepted tokens: 666, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)How can more than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls simply disappear? And how can the Nigerian government and the rest of the world have allowed this to happen? Exactly 365 days have passed since the girls were snatched from their boarding school dormitories in the dead of night in Chibok, northeastern Nigeria. They are still missing. For this we should all feel shame: shame that we live in a world where the lives of young girls can be shattered with impunity by fanatical thugs. Shame that when such horrendous acts occur, our collective attention span is so fleeting. A year ago, I could never have imagined that we would be here today, marking the grim 12-month milestone of these girls going missing. In the early days of their abduction much of the world stood as one, rallying around the hashtag #BringBackOurGirls. On the ground in Nigeria as part of CNN's team covering the story, I was buoyed by this global solidarity. A year on, meet the man still fighting to #BringBackOurGirls . Caught in the blinding glare of global attention, and facing a tide of questions about their bungled response to the kidnappings, the Nigerian government felt the weight of accountability and was spurred to take greater action; offers of assistance from the likes of the US, UK, France, and China were accepted. Promise after promise was made by Nigerian government officials that the girls would come home -- so where are they, and where is the global outrage over these broken promises and broken dreams? My heart goes out to the grief-stricken loved ones of these missing girls on this painful anniversary. Poor and socially marginalized, all many of them have is their hope that their girls will one day return. Girls who escaped risk lives to go to school . The task of keeping that hope alive has largely been taken up by the handful of #BringBackOurGirls campaigners in Nigeria. These men and women have worked tirelessly to keep the story alive for the past year; their struggle has been a painful and increasingly lonely one. But as the world's gaze has shifted they have continued to meet the Nigerian government's silence with cries of: "Bring Back Our Girls, now and alive!" At this point, finding the girls will not be easy. But it can be done. It must be done. Malala offers 'solidarity, love, hope' to abducted schoolgirls . These girls are no different from your daughters, sisters, nieces: each has hopes and dreams of their own. But I also believe there is another reason these girls must be reunited with their families - in the words of Martin Luther King: "Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. We are caught in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny. Whatever affects one directly, affects us all indirectly." Our common humanity compels us to do our part, to right this shameful wrong. How the world has changed since the kidnappings .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nigerian government has taken steps to find abducted schoolgirls.
CNN's Malala has been fighting for their return for a year.
Malala: "Bring Back Our Girls, now and alive!"
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 667, Total accepted tokens: 667, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Video may have killed the radio star, but in Norway it's digital that's killing FM radio. In two years' time, the Scandinavian nation is slated to become the first in the world to phase out radio entirely. That doesn't mean that Norwegians will be left with radio silence; they'll merely have to tune in digitally. According to officials in Oslo, many in this nation of 5 million have already made the move. On FM, Norwegians can only find five stations. On the Digital Audio Broadcasting network, there are four times that number. Half the country already listens that way, said Culture Minister Thorhild Widvey. "Listeners will have access to more diverse and pluralistic radio-content, and enjoy better sound quality and new functionality," Widvey said in a news release. Officials say the move will spur innovation because the cost of digital transmission will save some $25 million. But the country's radio waves won't cut out all once, a blog post on Radio.no explained. Radio will be phased out region by region, starting in January 2017 and concluding in December.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Norway slated to become first in world to phase out radio entirely.
Officials say the move will spur innovation because the cost of digital transmission will save some $25 million.
Half the country already listens that way, says Culture Minister Thorhild Widvey.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 668, Total accepted tokens: 668, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Everybody loves a good comeback story -- especially one that's dino-sized. After its name was booted from science books for more than a century, a new study suggests that the Brontosaurus belongs to its own genera, and therefore deserves its own name. O.C. Marsh first named the Brontosaurus in 1879, after he received 25 crates of bones discovered at Como Bluff, Wyoming, according to the Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History.  Similar to, though not as large as the Apatosaurus discovered a couple of years prior, Marsh named the dinosaur, "Brontosaurus," or "thunder lizard." Apatosaurus had three sacral vertebrae in its hip region and Brontosaurus had five, according to the museum's website, so Marsh gave the dinosaurs two different names.  Later it was discovered that the number of sacral vertebrae is related to age: as the animal gets older, two of the vertebrae fuse to the sacrum. Paleontologist Elmer Riggs concluded in 1903 that the Brontosaurus was really a young Apatosaurus, and therefore must go by that name, according to the museum. Emanuel Tschopp, a paleontologist at the Nova University of Lisbon, Portugal, led this latest study, which took five years and included visits to 20 museums in Europe and the United States to collect data. By examining "500 anatomical traits," Tschopp said he was able to "reconstruct the family tree" of Diplodocids -- the family Apatosaurus and Brontosaurus belong to. Tschopp "looked at every single specimen," according to Jacques Gauthier, curator of vertebrate paleontology at Yale Peabody Museum and "noted their characteristics," plugging data into an algorithm that revealed "five species in the group of Diplodocids."  Two of them are Brontosaurus-like and three are Apatosaurus-like, Gauthier said. While his findings have earned the excitement of Brontosaurus fans everywhere, Tschopp said he is "expecting a debate about the case of Brontosaurus." "We think we have good evidence," he said, "But I know there are other research groups that do not completely agree." For Gauthier, Tschopp's discovery means changes are coming to the original Brontosaurus skeleton that has lived at the Yale Peabody Museum of Natural History since 1936. "We're definitely going to have to change the label," he said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Brontosaurus was first named in 1879 by O.C. Marsh.
Paleontologist Elmer Riggs concluded in 1903 that the Brontosaurus was really a young Apatosaurus.
Paleontologist Emanuel Tschopp led this latest study.
Tschopp "looked at every single specimen," according to curator Jacques Gauthier.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 669, Total accepted tokens: 669, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Al Qaeda has fired a verbal salvo in a multifaction battle over Yemen, saying it's offering 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two prominent Shia Muslim opponents, including the leader of the rebels who overtook Yemen's capital. Yemen-based Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, in a news release and wanted poster distributed online, offers the reward for the death or capture of Houthi leader Abdelmalik Bedrudin Al-Houthi and former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh. Converted to currency, the gold reward would be worth about $774,000. AQAP referred to Al-Houthi and Saleh as the "two heads of evil." AQAP is one of several factions fighting to control Yemen. With Sunni Islamic roots, AQAP is a bitter enemy of the Houthi faction, which is Shia and widely believed to be supported by Iran. Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels -- minority Shiites who have long complained of being marginalized in the majority Sunni country -- forced Yemeni President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power in January. The Houthis, allied with fighters loyal to Saleh, have since faced resistance from not only AQAP, but also a number of groups including forces loyal to Hadi. Also opposing the Houthis are Saudi Arabia and other predominantly Sunni nations, which last month began airstrikes against the rebels. At least 540 people -- including 311 civilians -- have died as a result of the fighting, the United Nations said Wednesday. A U.N. expert on refugees said other nations should prepare for "massive displacement" of Yemenis seeking safety. "The international community must prepare for a worst case scenario," Chaloka Beyani, a professor of International Law at the London School of Economics, said. "While efforts to reach a diplomatic solution are essential, the picture on the ground is extremely bleak and humanitarian responses must be stepped up as a matter of urgency." About 1,000 people have already fled their homes during the two weeks of conflict.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Al Qaeda offers 20 kilograms of gold to anyone who kills or captures two prominent Shia Muslim opponents.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, in a news release and wanted poster distributed online.
AQAP is one of several factions fighting to control Yemen.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 670, Total accepted tokens: 670, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Before landing a gyrocopter on the Capitol lawn Wednesday, Doug Hughes wrote about his intentions and  the reasons behind them on a website called the thedemocracyclub.org. "The point of the flight is to spotlight corruption in DC and more importantly, to present the solution(s) to the institutional graft," the 61-year-old Florida postal carrier wrote in an online post titled "Your Pilot." "My flight is not a secret," the post says.  "Before I took off, I sent an Email to info@barackobama.com. The letter is intended to persuade the guardians of the Capitol that I am not a threat and that shooting me down will be a bigger headache than letting me deliver these letters to Congress." Hughes' friend Michael Shanahan told CNN that Hughes called him Wednesday morning and told him to check out the website. Although the post is not signed, he lists an email address of "dhughes@thedemocracyclub.org," and the information in his self-description matches information about Hughes in public records. He refers to having multiple children -- the youngest an 11-year-old daughter -- and grandchildren as well. It's unclear exactly when the post published. Shanahan told CNN that when he searched for the site Wednesday morning, he was unable to find it. "The purpose of it was to call attention to the United States concerning our campaign finance laws, or the lack thereof," Shanahan told CNN's Brooke Baldwin. Hughes had his first appearance in court scheduled for Thursday. On Wednesday, he took off in his gyrocopter from Maryland and traveled through restricted airspace over Washington, landing on the Capitol's West Lawn.  Inside the small personal aircraft he had letters for every member of Congress urging campaign finance reform. "There's no need to worry --  I'm just delivering the mail," Hughes wrote in his post. The incident shut down the Capitol for part of the day. Hughes' main purpose "was not so much to alert Congress to something they already know, but to make a statement, so that America would take notice," Shanahan said. The two men together run a website and nonprofit corporation called The Civilist Papers, which focuses on such issues, Shanahan said. In his post, Hughes wrote of his time spent in the Navy and described his family. Although he did not mention it in the post, one of Hughes' sons committed suicide 2 ½  years ago at the age of 24, the Tampa Bay Times reported. "Something changed in me," Hughes told the paper. Public records show Hughes had a son named John Joseph Hughes who died. "He told us that he felt like his son did something stupid, but he had made a point," said Ben Montgomery, the Tampa Bay Times reporter who broke the story of the gyrocopter flight. "He learned a lesson out of that. And it was: If you want to make a point, you've got to do something big, as sad as that seems," Montgomery told CNN's Jake Tapper. "He's been thinking about this for 2½ years. He's pictured every scenario you could possibly imagine," Montgomery said. Shanahan said Hughes mentioned the idea when the two were brainstorming a couple of years ago. Having grown up in Washington, Shanahan opposed the idea. "I told him that, no, that was an insane plan because the chances are he was going to get killed." "Doug is like a pit bull when he gets an idea," Shanahan said.  "He's very stubborn. And he finds ways around it. ... The word got out because he was telling people of his idea. And the Secret Service heard of it. So, they interviewed the two of us.  And after that, he said he was going to sell his copter and figure out something else to do. But then I noticed he did not sell this copter." When Hughes called Shanahan on Wednesday morning, Shanahan said he did not try to talk Hughes out of the plan, but "he was talking real quick, and I didn't know exactly what he meant by a lot of things."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Doug Hughes writes about his intentions and reasons behind them on a website.
Hughes' friend Michael Shanahan tells CNN he checked out the site.
Hughes' main purpose "was not so much to alert Congress," Shanahan says.
Hughes' son committed suicide 2 ½ years ago at the age of 24.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 671, Total accepted tokens: 671, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The bad news for Rio de Janeiro ahead of the 2016 Olympics keeps coming after scores of dead fish appeared in the Rodrigo de Freitas lagoon. With just over a year to go before the city hosts the Games' rowing and canoe competitions, officials with the legislative assembly of Rio de Janeiro Monday launched an investigation into the causes of death both in the lagoon and in other lakes and bays in the state in which this phenomenon has occurred. The group will work in partnership with the State Environmental Institute (INEA) and the Secretariat of State for the Environment. Officials defended the belief that the latest rains caused a temperature change of the water and the excess of decaying organic matter, which would have led to a black of oxygen, killing the fish. The note released by officials highlighted that the amount of dead fish has generated a bad smell and inconvenience to those who live near the lagoon and all the tourists who flock to the area. Last week, newly obtained video from newspaper O Globo showed a sailor crashing into trash floating on Guanabara Bay. The incident took place on February 14 and involved professional sailors Breno Osthoff, 20, and Rafael de Almeida Sampaio, 35. According to Osthoff, the impact was so great the boat was forced onto its side. Rio de Janeiro has pledged to reduce pollution in the notoriously fetid bay, but last month in an interview with the country's largest sports channel  SporTV, Mayor Eduardo Paes admitted that the bay will remain mostly polluted for the games. "The Olympics are also in a time that has very little rain, then this amount of debris that comes from five municipalities in the metropolitan region, with poor sanitation, is also controllable...I do not see as a problem for the Olympics," said Paes. Last year biologists said rivers leading into the bay contained a superbacteria that is resistant to antibiotics and can cause urinary, gastrointestinal and pulmonary infections. 2016 Olympics predictions .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Officials launch an investigation into the causes of death of dead fish.
Officials believe that the latest rains caused a temperature change of the water.
The amount of dead fish has generated a bad smell and inconvenience to those who live near the lagoon.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 672, Total accepted tokens: 672, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Anthony Ray Hinton is 58 years old. But in many ways, he is new to the world -- at least the one we know. Little things like using a fork, going out at night, tucking into bed without anyone checking on you; they're all strange for someone like Hinton who spent nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row. Until one week ago, when his murder convictions were wiped clean, and Hinton walked out of a county jail in Birmingham. "I have to pinch myself to tell myself that I'm free," he told CNN's Brooke Baldwin on Friday. "It's going to take a little time, but I'll get used to it." Hinton had to get used to much worse. For 30 years, he spent most of his time locked in a 5-by-7 cell. There was no going outside at night. The only permissible eating utensil was a plastic spoon. And life in the outside world passed him by: Hinton said his hardest day came in 2002, when he learned his mother had died. Hinton was convicted of killing two men -- Birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers John Davidson and Thomas Wayne Vason -- but he always said he was innocent. Alabama inmate freed after 30 years on death row . The state decided to dismiss the charges against him after a new trial was ordered in 2014 when firearms experts testified that the revolver Hinton was said to have used could not be matched to other evidence in the case. The two killings also couldn't be linked to each other. Talking Friday to CNN, Jefferson County District Attorney Brandon Falls said the evidence simply wasn't there to retry the case. Falls pointed out that analysts testified that the ballistics evidence was "inconclusive" as to whether the bullets came from the gun in question. The victim of a similar crime did identify Hinton as her attacker, but that victim and a witness to that incident have since died, Falls said. When asked if Hinton's ordeal was an injustice, because the evidence about guns that helped convict Hinton should have been ruled inconclusive in 1985, Falls said, "It appears it was." The last time Hinton was free, Ronald Reagan was president, "Back to the Future" ruled the box office, and a first-class stamp cost 22 cents. He didn't get to see firsthand how the world changed in the decades since. His life was defined by a preordained routine: when to eat, when to leave his cell, when to sleep. Hinton didn't even see the moon and stars, really, for all these years. Did he ever want to give up? "I didn't come too close to a breaking point," Hinton said. "But I would be lying to you if I didn't tell you that Satan didn't tell me to kill myself. ... I would immediately tell Satan to get ... behind me." What got him through all those tough times, he said, was his sense of humor. "I had no choice," Hinton said of his ability to laugh and make others do the same. "It was something that I was born with, but I never thought that it would come in handy that I would have to use it. "Being on death row, we had to use (humor) every day. At least I did." "Death Row Stories": Hard questions about the U.S. capital punishment system .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of killing two men.
Hinton spent 30 years on Alabama's death row.
Hinton says he's "getting used to it"
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 673, Total accepted tokens: 673, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Facebook may soon need to add "Just got served divorce papers" to its list of relationship statuses now that a New York judge has said the social media site is an acceptable way for a Brooklyn woman to serve her husband with a summons for divorce. Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years, according to her attorney, Andrew Spinnell. But, Spinnell said, he and his client haven't been able to find Victor Sena Blood-Dzraku to serve him the papers.  Baidoo has been able to reach her husband by phone and "he has told her that he has no fixed address and no place of employment," according to court documents. "He has also refused to make himself available to be served," the document said. After exhausting other ways of serving him the papers, Spinnell filed an application asking for "service by alternate means," in this case, via social media. In his decision, Justice Matthew Cooper said the "advent and ascendency of social media," means sites like Facebook and Twitter are the "next frontier" as "forums through which a summons can be delivered." Before Cooper agreed to her using Facebook, Baidoo had to prove the Facebook account belongs to her husband, and that he consistently logs on to the account and would therefore see the summons. Spinnell said Baidoo's marriage to Blood-Dzraku began to unravel shortly after they married in 2009 because her husband refused to participate in a Ghanian wedding ceremony that would include both their families . The couple never lived together, according to court documents. "She's not asking for any money," Spinnell said, "She just wants to move on with her life and get a divorce." Spinnell said he has contacted Blood-Dzraku twice on Facebook, but has yet to hear back. If Blood-Dzraku refuses the summons, Spinnell said the judge can move forward with a "divorce by default" for his client. Blood-Dzraku could not be reached for comment.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Facebook may soon need to add "Just got served divorce papers" to its list of relationship statuses.
Ellanora Arthur Baidoo has been trying to divorce her husband for several years.
Baidoo has been able to reach her husband by phone and "he has told her he has no fixed address"
The couple never lived together, according to court documents.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 674, Total accepted tokens: 674, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The story of Anthony Stokes was supposed to have a happy ending. Instead it ended Tuesday, police say, with the teen heart transplant recipient carjacking someone, burglarizing a home, shooting at an elderly woman, leading police on a high speed chase and then dying after his car hit a pole. In 2013, the teen's family told media that an Atlanta hospital rejected him for heart transplant surgery due to what the hospital described in a letter as Stokes' "history of non-compliance." At the time, Mark Bell was acting as a Stokes family spokesman. Bell told CNN that a doctor told the family that Anthony's low grades and time in juvenile detention factored into the hospital's decision to deny him a heart. "The doctor made the decision that he wasn't a good candidate because of that," Bell said then. "I guess he didn't think Anthony was going to be a productive citizen." About a week after Stokes' story made headlines, Children's Healthcare of Atlanta gave him a heart. On Tuesday, Stokes carjacked someone at a mall, kicked in the door of a home in Roswell, Georgia, and fired a shot at an elderly woman, who called 911, said Roswell police spokeswoman Lisa Holland. Stokes drove away in a black SUV, she said. Police spotted the car and ran its plates which showed it had been stolen. Police chased the vehicle. Stokes lost control of the car, hit a pedestrian and then a pole, Holland said. The vehicle was nearly halved, she said. The pedestrian is stable and in good condition, according to CNN affiliate WSB. Stokes died at a hospital, Holland said. In 2013, Stokes' family provided media with a letter they said was from Children's Healthcare of Atlanta. "Anthony is currently not a transplant candidate due to having a history of noncompliance, which is one of our center's contraindications to listing for heart transplant," it read. Assessing compliance for potential transplant recipients is important because if a patient doesn't strictly take all required medicines as directed, he or she could die within weeks of leaving the hospital, said Dr. Ryan Davies, a cardiothoracic surgeon at the Alfred I. duPont Hospital for Children in Wilmington, Delaware, told CNN. Davies was not involved with this case. When Stokes' family was trying to get him a heart, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference advocated for the teen. SCLC's the Rev. Samuel Mosteller told CNN that he was disappointed. "We got this young man a second chance in life," he said. SCLC referred the teenager to a mentor program in the Atlanta area, but Mosteller said that he wasn't sure if the teenager participated. "What happened between the time in 2013 to now, I don't really know," he said. "How much Anthony recognized the gravity of things and did what he needed to do to make himself a viable citizen, I don't know. But we tried." CNN's Lauren Leslie, Marylynn Ryan, Elizabeth Landau and Jacque Wilson contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Anthony Stokes carjacks someone, burglarizes home, kills elderly woman.
Teen's family says he was rejected for heart transplant surgery.
Teen's family says he had "history of non-compliance"
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.86
Total generated tokens: 675, Total accepted tokens: 675, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Saudi special forces assisted Yemeni fighters targeting Houthis and their allies in Aden, a Saudi source told CNN. The special forces were on the ground in noncombat roles "coordinating and guiding" the battle against Houthi forces and fighters loyal to former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh, the source said. They also have helped parachute in weapons and communications equipment. Houthi rebels, meanwhile, withdrew from the presidential palace and other key parts of the southern port city of Aden following heavy Saudi airstrikes, according to the source. The withdrawal signaled a reversal from rebel gains the previous day, when Houthi forces seized the presidential palace. President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi, who fled the country last month, had stayed for a period of time after Houthis secured control of the capital, Sanaa, in January. Houthis had controlled most large districts in Aden amid ongoing clashes. The latest action heats up an already intense conflict that could have ramifications across the Middle East. If the Saudi-led coalition of nine countries takes the fight to the ground in Yemen, the consequences could be severe. Houthis are battle-hardened guerrilla fighters and could cross into Saudi Arabia. They've already threatened suicide bomb attacks inside Saudi Arabia. Yemen, already the home base to al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, teeters on the brink of becoming a failed state and an even more fertile breeding ground for extremism. The United Nations, citing reports from humanitarian partners, said 519 people have been killed and nearly 1,700 others wounded in the past two weeks. Tens of thousands of people have fled their homes and sought refuge in Djibouti and Somalia, Valerie Amos, under-secretary-general and emergency relief coordinator, said in a statement. Two humanitarian workers were killed Friday in Yemen. The brothers working for the local branch of the Yemen Red Crescent Society were shot in Aden while evacuating wounded people to a waiting ambulance, the International Committee of the Red Cross reported. They were identified as Khaled Ahmed Bahuzaim and Mohammed Ahmed Bahuzaim. Two Saudi border guards were killed Friday after an exchange of fire with Houthi rebels along the kingdom's frontier with Yemen, officials told CNN. A border guard was killed in a cross-boundary fire exchange with militants, the Saudi Press Agency reported Thursday. That marked Saudi Arabia's first publicly known military death since it launched airstrikes against rebels inside its southern neighbor. U.S. Navy warships were patrolling off Yemen in search of suspicious shipping in the region, in particular any weapons shipments from Iran to the Houthi rebels they are supporting in Yemen, a U.S. defense official told CNN on Thursday. The Navy this week came across a Panamanian-registered cargo ship that had left an Iranian port, the official said. Based on the route of the ship from Iran to Yemen, the Navy declared it a "vessel of interest" and requested permission from the captain to search it. The ship was found to be carrying cement and construction materials, the official said. It was sent on its way. The offshore area has been a route for weapons smuggling into Yemen, as well as Sudan and Gaza, so the Navy has maintained a regular surveillance presence there. The official said that increased fighting in the last several days in southern Yemen has resulted in other ships trying to dock to help civilians leave the country. Saudi and allied warplanes struck rebels in Yemen last week, with Saudi Arabia threatening to send ground troops and inserting itself into its southern neighbor's civil war. The swift and sudden action involved 100 Saudi jets, 30 from the United Arab Emirates, 15 each from Kuwait and Bahrain, 10 from Qatar, and a handful from Jordan, Morocco and Sudan, plus naval help from Pakistan and Egypt, according to a Saudi adviser. The Houthi rebels are Shiite Muslims who have taken over Sanaa and had captured parts of its second-largest city, Aden. The Sunni Saudis consider the Houthis proxies for the Shiite government of Iran and fear another Shiite-dominated state in the region. Officials: Al Qaeda fighters free 270 from Yemeni prisons . CNN's Barbara Starr contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Saudi special forces assist Yemeni fighters in Aden.
Houthi rebels withdraw from the presidential palace.
Saudi-led coalition of nine countries takes fight to the ground in Yemen.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 676, Total accepted tokens: 676, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A Detroit mother arrested last month after police discovered the bodies of two of her children inside a freezer was arraigned this week on murder and torture charges. Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy charged Mitchelle Angela Blair on Wednesday with killing her then 13-year-old daughter, Stoni Ann Blair, and her then 9-year-old son, Stephen Gage Berry. According to Detroit Police Chief James Craig, the bodies were found wrapped in plastic inside the freezer by a bailiff performing a court ordered eviction on March 24. The Wayne County medical examiner has since determined that Stoni died from multiple blunt trauma injuries and Stephen from multiple blunt trauma and thermal injuries. Both were determined to be homicides, according to spokesman Ryan Bridges. According to CNN affiliate WDIV,  investigators believe Stephen was scalded with hot water, beaten and strangled in August 2012, while Stoni was killed in May 2013. A message left for Blair's court appointed attorney, who entered not guilty pleas on her behalf at her arraignment, wasn't immediately returned. In addition to the two counts of premeditated murder -- each of which carries a mandatory life sentence without the possibility of parole --  Blair, 35, has been charged with two counts of torture, four counts of felony child abuse and one count of committing child abuse in the presence of another child. She has two other children, a 17-year-old daughter and an 8-year-old son, both of whom are now in in protective custody, according to Worthy. Blair will be back in court June 19 for a court ordered competency hearing.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mitchelle Angela Blair arraigned on murder, torture charges.
Blair, 35, has two other children in protective custody.
Blair's attorney didn't return message.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 677, Total accepted tokens: 677, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)"It's showtime!" Michael Keaton paid homage -- ever so slightly -- to his roles in "Beetlejuice" and "Batman" in his third turn hosting "Saturday Night Live" this weekend. Keaton acknowledged in his opening monologue that a lot has changed since he first hosted the comedy sketch show in 1982. "I had a baby -- he's 31. I also have a new girlfriend -- she's 28," he said. Fans who were hoping for a full-blown revival of Keaton's most memorable characters might have been a little disappointed. SNL cast members Taran Killam and Bobby Moynihan begged the actor with a song to "play" Batman and Beetlejuice with them. All they got in response were a couple of one-liners. Overall, Keaton's performance drew high marks from viewers and critics for its "deadpan" manner and "unpredictable weirdness," in the words of A.V. Club's Dennis Perkins. Fans also delighted in a cameo from "Walking Dead" star Norman Reedus during Weekend Update. Keaton scored some laughs from the audience as an ad executive who's not very good at his job, a confused grandfather and a high school teacher who gets asked to the prom in a riff on the romantic comedy "She's All That." Other crowd-pleasing spots included a Scientology parody music video and a news conference spoofing the NCAA student-athlete debate. The show also poked fun at CNN with cast member Cecily Strong playing anchor Brooke Baldwin. Baldwin said on Twitter that she's taking it as a "crazy compliment" and shared a clip from the skit.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Michael Keaton hosts "Saturday Night Live" this weekend.
Keaton acknowledges that a lot has changed since he first hosted the show in 1982.
Keaton scores high marks from viewers and critics for his "deadpan" manner.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 678, Total accepted tokens: 678, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Just over a month ago, Kamron Taylor sat in an Illinois courtroom to hear a jury convict him of murder. Early Wednesday morning, Taylor sat in an Illinois jail. Hiding outside his cell. Ready to pounce. When he did, his victim was a correctional officer making his rounds, according to Kankakee County Sheriff Timothy Bukowski. Taylor beat up the guard, put on his uniform and took his keys. He then walked out of the jail's door and into the officer's brown 2012 Chevrolet Equinox SUV. Where the 23-year-old, who was set to be sentenced in May, is now is anybody's guess. The Equinox was discovered around 8:30 a.m. (9:30 a.m. ET) in Kankakee, but without any sign of the convicted murderer who drove it. Looking for Taylor is job No. 1 for authorities. No. 2 is figuring out how he managed to first get out of his cell, then get out of the Jerome Combs Detention Center and on the lam. "The question for us is where did (the county correctional system) break down," Bukowski said. "It looks right now (like) somebody didn't do their job properly." What authorities do know is based on video, other evidence and interviews with witnesses -- namely other inmates at the Kankakee jail. What they don't know is how Taylor got out of his two-man cell, when he should have been locked down. But somehow he did, and hid. "And then when the opportunity arose, he attacked the officer," Bukowski said, noting that Taylor "attacked from the side" around 3 a.m. "Beat him, choked him." He then apparently disrobed the guard, a military veteran and 10-year employee of the corrections department. The guard was left on the jail floor, going in and out of consciousness, for about 35 minutes before authorities -- concerned because the guard hadn't responded to calls -- found him, the sheriff said. "They then called the ambulance and we were notified and put out an alert," added Bukowski. By then, Taylor was gone. He'd pushed a button to notify "master control" that he wanted to leave, which means his identity would have been checked by camera. "We think that because he had the officer's uniform on," the sheriff explained, "that's how he was able to effectively escape." Taylor walked out the door and into the detention center's parking lot, where, authorities said, he clicked the correctional officer's key fob to find the Chevy Equinox. That officer is now in an intensive care unit at St. Mary's Hospital in Kankakee, Bukowski said. The manhunt, meanwhile, continues for Taylor. He has a history of trouble with the law that predates his murder conviction, including an August 2009 sentence of five years, 10 months in Tennessee for robbery and resisting arrest. Taylor was on parole for that crime when he killed a man during a June 2013 botched robbery. A jury convicted him of murder in that incident in late February. After the verdict was read, Taylor sat down, looked back, then got up and ran, according to The Daily Journal in Kankakee. Bailiffs and sheriff's deputies wrestled him to the ground, eventually leading him out of the courtroom as he cursed. Now a $5,000 reward is being offered for information leading to his arrest. The fact that he tried to get away once before and has been involved in fights "raises an alert, I guess," the Kankakee County sheriff said. "But we figure that the people who are locked up in our facility aren't altar boys, and we take certain precautions for all of them," Bukowski added. "And you can't become complacent with anybody, especially murderers." CNN's John Newsome contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kamron Taylor was set to be sentenced in May.
He was convicted of murder in June 2013.
He has a history of trouble with the law.
Authorities are looking for him.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 679, Total accepted tokens: 679, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A New York City detective has been suspended after being accused of stealing $3,000 during an illegal cigarettes raid, according to police spokesman Stephen Davis. Surveillance video obtained by CNN affiliate News 12 Brooklyn appears to show Det. Ian Cyrus stashing cash in a bag before leaving the Yemen Deli and Grocery store in Brooklyn last Friday. The detectives had arrested two employees for selling loose cigarettes, according to News 12 Brooklyn. Ali Abdullah, the store's manager, noticed the money was gone from a box, but assumed it was taken by one of his employees. When he checked the cameras he couldn't believe what he saw, he told News 12 Brooklyn. Cyrus, who is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau, could not be reached for comment. His supervisor Sgt. Fritz Glemaud, who was heading the raid, was placed on modified duty, Davis said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Police: Cyrus could not be reached for comment.
NEW: Cyrus, who is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau, could not be reached for comment.
NEW: Cyrus, who is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau, could not be reached for comment.
NEW: Cyrus, who is under investigation by the internal affairs bureau, could not be reached for comment.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 680, Total accepted tokens: 680, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: London (CNN)The Hatton Garden heist, as it will surely come to be known, was every safe deposit box holder's nightmare, every movie director's dream. Thieves using heavy cutting equipment and rappelling gear broke into the vault of an esteemed 60-year-old safe deposit company in the heart of London over the past holiday weekend, possibly taking advantage of as many as four days to rifle through an uncounted number of safe deposit boxes. And they reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash -- even, in the educated guess of one former police official, as much as 200 million pounds, or $300 million. Police were offering few details Wednesday of the robbery at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. Detectives on the scene were carrying out a "slow and painstaking" forensic examination, police said in a statement. "Officers anticipate the process to take approximately two days," the statement said. "At this stage it is believed that approximately 60-70 safe deposit boxes were opened during the burglary. Officers are working closely with Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd to establish the identities of those affected. Police will be contacting victims directly as and when they are identified." WATCH: Top five jewelry heists . Throughout the day Wednesday, customers of the business went in and out of the premises, clearly unhappy about not being able to learn whether their boxes were among those ransacked. Hatton Garden is a storied area in London and the heart of the city's diamond trade. The area's promotional website says it is home to "the largest and most concentrated cluster of jewellery retailers in the UK" and has been for quite some time. "History tells us that the old City of London had certain streets -- or quarters -- dedicated to specific types of business," the website says. "The Hatton Garden area has been the epicentre of London's jewellery trade since medieval times. "Today, it maintains its international reputation as the centre of London's diamond trade. It is one of the finest and most renowned jewellery locations in the world." $4.8M in gold swiped from N.C. highway. But how? The police statement did not put a value on the amount of the haul. But numerous British news organizations put the figure in the hundreds of thousands of pounds, which translates into even more hundreds of thousands of dollars. Many of those who rent safe deposit boxes at the company are reportedly in the jewelry trade. But Roy Ramm, a former chief of the Flying Squad, an economic crime unit of London's Metropolitan Police Service, came up with a much higher guess. "I would not be surprised, given where this one is, in Hatton Garden, if 200 million pounds is around about the amount stolen," Ramm said on BBC Radio 4. Because of the long Easter weekend, police did not hear of the robbery until Tuesday morning. This may prove to be an embarrassment, as the Telegraph newspaper reported that the alarm at the business sounded Friday but, as the front and back doors still appeared locked, no action was taken. The website of Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Ltd. says the company was founded in 1954 and offers a "secure and cost-effective solution to store and protect important and irreplaceable personal belongings." Robbers target security vans in France jewel heist .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police: Robbers broke into safe deposit company in London over the past holiday weekend.
They reportedly got away with hundreds of thousands of pounds worth of gems and cash.
Police are working closely with the company to establish the identities of those affected.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 681, Total accepted tokens: 681, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)As we approach April 27 when South Africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994, we are faced with yet another wave of deadly attacks against African migrants. Outrage triggered by this violence is being heard loudly throughout social media with "#WeAreAfrica" showcasing the need for a common front against this affront. These recurring attacks against migrants and their property might be read as one more indication of how the rainbow nation's dream has faltered. That vision not only symbolized a multi-ethnic South Africa, but one where living in dignity is shared across racial and class lines. Attacks against newcomers in South Africa are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment towards other black Africans. The national and international headlines use "xenophobia" as if any one word can convey the multifaceted crisis within which this phenomenon occurs. Labeling this turmoil as xenophobic fails to convey the conditions in which African migrants are scapegoated for the persistent legacy of apartheid in the post-liberation era. This word also does not tell us that extreme poverty now exceeds that experienced under apartheid. And it certainly does not account for how extreme inequality is now fully embraced and normalized by a new black elite joining the "white-haves" of yesteryear. The question of why foreign blacks are targeted and not foreign whites is also repeated ad nauseam, as if the majority of black citizens and African migrants share any common spaces and experiences with white South Africans or white foreigners. Contact between the majority of African migrant groups and native black South Africans mostly occurs in under-developed informal settlements and townships. In the interaction and competition between these groups in these spaces, we need to be wary of the simplistic treatment of South Africa's ailment as xenophobia. Such labeling does not and cannot explain the totality of the contact, competition and conflict between native poor black South Africans and foreign African entrepreneurs. Attention as to how such interactions occur in an environment where a vast portion of South Africa's black majority experiences segregation, persistent and relative poverty, and high crime rates in post-apartheid South Africa is paramount. Neglecting access to social rights, such as water, electricity, education and other services, is tantamount to violence by political leaders against the poor. Condemning and prosecuting those who incite violence is essential to maintaining law and order and protecting those vulnerable because of their nationality. But the evictions, harassment and ultimately brutal killings of foreigners cannot and should not be separated from the daily brutal violence poor South Africans in informal settlements and many townships experience. It cannot and should not be separated from South Africa's status as one of the most unequal societies in the world; it cannot and should not be separated from the fact that South Africa has one of the highest homicide levels in the world. A mantra of xenophobia wishes away the fact that the everyday lives of those in vulnerable positions in this society (the poor, the disabled, women, children, the elderly) are filled with violence similar -- if not worse -- than that facing African foreigners eking out a living in the midst of abject poverty. Labeling South Africa's poor blacks as ungrateful and amnesiac to the history of hospitality other Africans bestowed on their exiles under apartheid does a disservice to both the local poor whose citizenship rights are marginal at best and the resilient migrants in search of asylum and dignity. Such labeling only serves politicians and the elites who are sealed off by barbed wire surrounded by a security industry that outspends and outnumbers South Africa's police force. It allows corruption to persist while the political leaders who are implicated in this violence scapegoat "criminal youth" to further fill an overflowing prison industry. Religious and civil society leaders' recent mobilization saying "not in our name" in reaction to violence against migrants should be applauded. But religious, civil society and student groups also have an obligation to organize and denounce the inequality and the violence that is the everyday lot of the extremely poor in South Africa. Pervasive misery and corruption in the midst of a nation with so much potential should not be tolerated. Neither a hashtag of outrage #WeAreAfrica nor the expedience of the label "xenophobia" can wish away the angst, violence and the impending crisis in South Africa. Migrants' security and dignity is part and parcel of a greater security and dignity for all South Africans, which seem deferred for now.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: South Africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994.
Attacks against newcomers in South Africa are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment.
The national and international headlines use "xenophobia" as if any one word can convey the multifaceted crisis.
Attacks against foreigners are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment towards other blacks.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 682, Total accepted tokens: 682, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Back in 1989, Ayatollah Khomeini famously said he was "drinking poison" when he accepted a ceasefire to end the eight-year-old war with Iraq.  The war had helped define Khomeini's regime, the Islamic Republic, which he had founded a year before Saddam Hussein invaded Iran. Khomeini galvanized the nation, both his supporters and growing opponents, to fight against the enemy. He dragged out the war for eight years, despite Saddam's willingness to accept a ceasefire, and thus stabilized the foundations of the Islamic Republic. By the time he ended the war, the economy was in shambles, and there was no sign of his die-hard volunteers. Since then, "drinking a chalice of poison" has became part of Iranian political lexicon, and many analysts have asked whether Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Khomeini's successor, would raise the chalice and surrender to demands by the West to end Iran's nuclear program. Like the war, Iran's defiance to halt its controversial nuclear program has defined Khameni's era. He has defied the West in the face of increasing economic pressure. Iran claims that its program is peaceful, but Khamenei's refusal to end uranium enrichment activities -- a process that can lead to making nuclear fuel as well as nuclear bombs -- has landed the country under crippling sanctions. The standoff with the West has stretched longer than the war. The agreement reached in Lausanne, Switzerland, however, marks a new chapter in the history of the country. If Iran can finalize a deal by June with the United States and its P5+1 partners, international investors, including Americans, would be able to invest in Iran for the first time in decades. Iran can develop its gas and oil fields, and the economy can leap forward. Desperate for a deal, whoever I called over the past week inside Iran was glued to their television sets, and tens of thousands poured out on the streets to celebrate the agreement late Thursday night. Iran's economy shrank after sanctions were intensified in 2012 and the value of the Rial, the Iranian currency, plunged to one-third of the U.S. dollar. Inflation soared and the bank accounts of ordinary Iranians were frozen overseas as a result of sanctions. Millions of Iranians are hoping that their lives will improve in the post-deal era. Despite the regime's propaganda that claimed the program enjoys wide support among people, critics inside the country publicly denounced nuclear policies. Ahmad Shirzad, a former member of parliament, denounced the program last year and said it had been "against national interests." Another critic, Sadeq Ziba, said in December "the nuclear program has hurt the country more than the war." Iranian politicians are divided between moderates -- led by President Hassan Rouhani, who wants to develop the economy -- and hardliners, who view the deal as a threat to the regime's ideology. The majority of people brought Rouhani to power in 2012, hoping that he would ease the sanctions. Many see the negotiations as a diplomatic necessity that would help sideline hardliners too. Yet the Lausanne agreement would not have been possible without the moderates' will and Khamenei's approval. Ayatollah Khamenei is 76. Last year, he underwent a long prostate surgery, which led to rumors that he might be gravely ill. His predecessor ended the war a year before his death. Whether Khamenei is seriously ill or not, many believe that because of his advanced age, he needs to put the country on a straight path before his death. So far, the regime has presented the deal as a win for itself. During 18 months of negotiations, the regime appeared determined not to succumb to Western demands and lose its right to uranium enrichment. The Lausanne agreement allows Iran to spin 5,000 centrifuges and avoid national humiliation. Khamenei can claim that Iran is the winner in the country's decade-long confrontation with the West -- a legacy that he wants to leave behind. He has not drunk the poison yet, not until June, when negotiators aim to iron out the final deal. But perhaps he has raised the chalice.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ayatollah Khamenei is Iran's current leader.
Khamenei has been criticized for his handling of Iran's nuclear program.
Khamenei is 76 years old.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 683, Total accepted tokens: 683, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The United States has gained much from its position as a space-faring nation. Indeed, U.S. access to space has provided incredible benefit to U.S. national security, defense and the economic well-being of the nation. And in order to effectively confront current and future conflicts, combat terrorism and counter the proliferating threats worldwide, our military depends on space-based capabilities, including intelligence, GPS, and communications satellites. Unfortunately, as global threats increase and the need for assured space access accelerates, the U.S. is faced with a troubling reality -- we are far too reliant on Russian technology to meet our national security obligations. How? For a start, we depend on the Atlas V rocket, which carries many of our most important satellites and is powered by the Russian-made RD-180 rocket engine. The fact that we rely on Russia, currently under sanctions for invading a sovereign nation, should reinforce the need for a change in our current course. Assured access to space is an area where the U.S. should not be reliant on nonsecure foreign supply chains, which are subject to disruption, threats, unfavorable contracts and undue leverage against the interests of the U.S. The Ukraine crisis should have served as a wake-up call, highlighting the danger of dependence on Russia to launch national security satellites into space. And the United States should play no part in supporting the defense industry of a country that continues to abrogate the sovereignty and territorial integrity of its neighbors. Simply put, it is bad policy to rely on others for critical national security requirements, and worse policy when this reliance supports countries taking action in direct contradiction to U.S. national security interests. Dmitry Rogozin, a Russian Deputy Prime Minister in charge of defense and space industries, has called American taxpayer outlays for the Russian engine "free money" that goes directly back into Russia's missile modernization programs. It is high time the U.S. government turn to its existing domestic capability and turn off this flow of funds. Fortunately, there are some signs of progress. Last year, Congress took bipartisan action to phase out reliance on the RD-180 engine by the end of the decade, and to transition to an all-American space launch capability. The defense authorization for fiscal year 2015 included restrictions on the future use of the RD-180 for the Atlas V, authorizing $220 million to begin development of a U.S. alternative. This was a wise move, but it's not enough. There are steps that the United States can take now to ensure our access to space and secure our comparative advantage in space -- and in the world. True, development of a new launch system will take time; there are no overnight answers. However, a combination of existing capabilities and dynamic development of new capabilities by the private sector can serve as a foundation for eliminating any capability gap in the U.S. space program. Indeed, new entrants are coming online using launch vehicle systems fully designed and manufactured in America. The two main launch competitors -- United Launch Alliance and SpaceX -- each have all-American systems, namely ULA's Delta IV family of rockets and SpaceX's Falcon 9. Having both options will put America on the path to fielding its indigenous space capabilities for the next generation, while strengthening a space industrial base weakened since the end of the Cold War. The short-term goal should be to transition to existing American-manufactured launch vehicles, as opposed to phasing out systems such as the Delta IV, which continue to provide critical capability. In the long term, next-generation development programs should not involve major Russian subsystems and components. It is time to end America's reliance on Russia's rocket engine. This would be good for national security, good for American innovation and the industrial base -- and good for our country's future.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: U.S. access to space has provided incredible benefit to U.S. national security.
U.S. should not be reliant on nonsecure foreign supply chains.
U.S. should play no part in supporting the defense industry of a country that continues to abrogate sovereignty.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 684, Total accepted tokens: 684, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Johannesburg (CNN)South African troops deployed Tuesday evening as part of a new government effort to stop deadly anti-immigrant violence. Their first target: the Johannesburg suburb of Jeppestown, where xenophobic violence broke out on Friday. South African police raided a Jeppestown hostel Tuesday while troops secured the perimeter. Earlier, Defense Minister Nosiviwe Mapisa-Nqakula announced the plan to deploy an undisclosed number of troops to areas where police are spread too thin while trying to curb deadly attacks against immigrants. "This intervention is not an indictment on the police. ... We are coming in because they need that support," she said after visiting Johannesburg's Alexandra township, one area where mobs have attacked immigrants from other African nations and looted their shops -- ostensibly based on the belief that immigrants are taking South Africans' jobs. Seven people have been killed in recent violence against poorer immigrants, many from South Africa's neighbors. Xenophobic killing caught by photographer . Much of this month's violence happened in the port city of Durban, where at least two foreigners and three South Africans were killed after mobs with machetes attacked immigrant shops. Thousands of people took temporary shelter at refugee centers or police stations as a result, according to aid group Gift of the Givers. Similar violence happened late last week in Johannesburg, where immigrant-owned shops were looted or destroyed. The attacks came as residents accused immigrants of taking their jobs and committing crimes. The unemployment rate in South Africa is 25%, according to government figures. The United Nations said the attacks began in March after a labor dispute between citizens and foreign workers. What's behind the xenophobic attacks in South Africa? CNN's Brent Swails reported from Johannesburg. CNN's Jason Hanna reported and wrote from Atlanta.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: South African troops deployed as part of a new government effort to stop deadly anti-immigrant violence.
Their first target: the Johannesburg suburb of Jeppestown, where xenophobic violence broke out on Friday.
South African police raided a Jeppestown hostel Tuesday while troops secured the perimeter.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 685, Total accepted tokens: 685, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Eight Iranian border guards have been killed in clashes with militants near the border with Pakistan, Iranian state media reported. Three of the militants were killed by Iranian forces in the fighting Monday in the southeastern town of Negur, the state-run news agency IRNA reported. The news agency cited Ali Asghar Mirshekari, the deputy governor of Iran's Sistan-Baluchestan province, who said the militants crossed into the country from Pakistan. Iranian officials have reportedly asked Pakistani authorities to catch the surviving assailants. A militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack, according to Iranian state media and a Twitter account believed to be associated with the organization. According to Pakistani media, Jaish al Adal is an anti-Iranian group that has emerged during recent years in areas of Balochistan, the restive Pakistani province that borders southeastern Iran. The Sunni Muslim group has targeted Shiites and says it aims to thwart Iranian influence in Pakistan, according to the Pakistani newspaper Dawn. Jaish al Adal has also claimed responsibility for attacks on Iranian territory. One of the deadliest was in October 2013, when 14 Iranian border guards were killed near the city of Saravan. Iranian authorities say that after similar attacks, the militants have fled back into Balochistan. "Iran has repeatedly criticized its eastern neighbor for failing to rein in the terrorists," IRNA said, referring to Pakistan. The Pakistani government condemned Monday's attack, calling it an "act of terrorism." "The concerned security agencies of Pakistan are actively investigating this incident, which took place on Iran's territory, and have asked Iranian authorities to share with us any evidence that they have," the government said in a statement Wednesday. If the militants entered Pakistan after the attack, "they will be apprehended and brought to justice," it said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Eight Iranian border guards killed in clashes with militants near Pakistan border.
Three militants killed by Iranian forces in the fighting Monday in the southeastern town of Negur.
Militant group called Jaish al Adal claimed responsibility for the attack.
Pakistani government condemns Monday's attack, calling it an "act of terrorism"
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 686, Total accepted tokens: 686, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Island-hoppers take note: Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos is TripAdvisor's latest pick for the world's top island. Providenciales climbed a rung from last year's No. 2 ranking among the travel review site's Travelers' Choice award winners to bump Ambergris Caye out of the top spot. It was quite a tumble for the Belize island. Ambergris Caye held the top ranking on the TripAdvisor global islands list for two years in a row before dropping out of the top 10 completely this year. Why the disappearance? "It's hard to say, as winners change from year to year based on feedback from travelers," said TripAdvisor spokeswoman Julie Cassetina. "Similar to last year and 2013, winning islands were determined using an algorithm that looked at the quality and quantity of traveler reviews and opinions for hotels, attractions and restaurants on each island gathered during a 12-month period." 30 envy-inducing island photos . Only two more of 2014's top 10 islands appear on this year's global list. Ko Tao, Thailand, gained five spots this year, moving up from No. 10 last year, while Bora Bora dropped from No. 3 last year to rank ninth. Here are the world's top 10 islands for 2015: . 1. Providenciales, Turks and Caicos . 2. Maui, Hawaii . 3. Roatan, Honduras . 4. Santorini, Greece . 5. Ko Tao, Thailand . 6. Madeira, Portugal . 7. Bali, Indonesia . 8. Mauritius, Africa . 9. Bora Bora, French Polynesia . 10. Fernando de Noronha, Brazil . In addition to the global list, TripAdvisor also ranks islands regionally. Here are the top 10 U.S. islands: . 1. Maui, Hawaii . 2. Island of Hawaii, Hawaii . 3. Kauai, Hawaii . 4. Key West, Florida . 5. Hilton Head Island, South Carolina . 6. Marco Island, Florida . 7. Key Largo, Florida . 8. Chincoteague Island, Virginia . 9. San Juan Island, Washington . 10. Mackinac Island, Michigan .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: TripAdvisor's latest pick for the world's top island is Providenciales in the Turks and Caicos.
It climbed a rung from last year's No. 2 ranking among the travel review site's Travelers' Choice award winners.
Ambergris Caye held the top ranking on the TripAdvisor global islands list for two years in a row.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 687, Total accepted tokens: 687, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The "Star Wars" universe keeps on expanding. Details of the plot for 2016's "Star Wars: Rogue One" were revealed during a panel at Star Wars Celebration fan festival Sunday in Anaheim, California. Director Gareth Edwards ("Godzilla") showed an early teaser for the movie and revealed plot details for the "Star Wars" anthology film (the term Disney prefers instead of "spinoff"), starring Felicity Jones. The movie will take place in between "Episode III: Revenge of the Sith" and "Episode IV: A New Hope" (known to many as the first "Star Wars" movie from 1977). A group of rebels go on a rogue mission to steal plans for the Death Star. Jones will play a rebel soldier. The movie won't begin shooting until this summer so the footage shown in the teaser -- including a glimpse of the Death Star -- won't necessarily appear in the finished product. Edwards told the crowd that Jones is a "Star Wars" fan and dropped everything to take on the lead role. Producer Kathleen Kennedy said "Rogue One" was one of the first pitches she received after becoming president of Lucasfilm in 2012, and she could not turn it down. It was one of the final events at Celebration, where fans gather to talk about "Star Wars," dress in costumes, look for rare "Star Wars" merchandise and learn about future projects for the franchise. The convention kicked off with the well-received trailer for this year's "The Force Awakens." Costumes and props from that movie also were on display. Anything bearing the movie logo was a hot item for collectors. Tens of thousands are expected to have attended the event when all is said and done. "Rogue One" is scheduled to hit theaters December 16, 2016.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: "Star Wars" director Gareth Edwards shows early teaser for "Rogue One"
Movie will take place in between "Episode III: Revenge of the Sith" and "Episode IV: A New Hope"
Felicity Jones will play a rebel soldier in the movie.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 688, Total accepted tokens: 688, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tehran, Iran (CNN)There is a Persian proverb that says: "A good year is determined by its spring." For many Iranians, the historic decision by Tehran and six world powers -- the United States, Britain, France, Germany, Russia and China -- to continue nuclear negotiations under a "joint comprehensive plan of action" is an indication that this year's Norouz, the Persian New Year that started on March 21, will be a superb one indeed. Although edgy hardliners may now try to play games and complain the preliminary agreement is not what they had hoped, for many people it shows excellent progress and that's what they want. It paves the way for a much broader deal by end of June that guarantees the peaceful nature of Tehran's nuclear activities in return for the lifting of sanctions and a return to the international community. As is, the stakes are high and the choice is clear for President Hassan Rouhani and his "moderate" administration. They must now be over the moon: In early 2016, there will be Legislative and Assembly of Experts elections, the latter of which elects the country's leader. This historic agreement will make sure they win both the elections. So far, Rouhani's team has done nothing to improve the living conditions of ordinary Iranians who complain they have lost half of their purchasing power in recent years. READ MORE: Will Iran's Supreme Leader drink 'poison' of peace? During his presidential campaign, he promised to do so "only" if he could seal a nuclear deal with the world powers. And now he has. A full deal ultimately represents a referendum on the Rouhani administration's foreign policy. It will definitely strengthen his hand, which he needs to stay in the game, or better yet, win the next presidential race. The good news is that people are more than happy to welcome the preliminary agreement. They had always wanted a way out of the current impasse with the rest of the world and as a reward they could keep the moderates in power for the foreseeable future. Iranians blame sanctions and the previous hardline government for the sorry state of affairs in the economy -- especially the way they so poorly handled past nuclear talks of the past -- with devastating consequences. Many believe that now there is a joint comprehensive plan of action -- the culmination of a 12-year process -- there is something to hope for. In many respects, it's a new beginning and that allows Iranians a very small degree of hope inside themselves too. Looking back, the previous government traded those expectations for international isolation and economic hardship. Despite skepticism, even the country's leader, Ayatollah Seyyed Ali Khamenei, now feels that the light at the end of the tunnel might not be a train and that the talks could end well. READ MORE: What's in the Iran nuclear deal? 7 key points . Little wonder he had urged the nation -- including the well-funded hardliners -- to support the government's overture, saying the negotiating team was trustworthy and had been doing a fine job. It was a historic gesture that represents qualified support for continued diplomacy and that could lead to a historic step forward. It places confidence and hope in the negotiating team and the P5+1 group of world powers, guaranteeing no-one in Iran will stand in the way of principled diplomatic engagement and international rapprochement. Within this context, many Iranians are jubilant. They should be. More than ever, they are confident that not striking a comprehensive deal would be a historic mistake. They are confident it is within reach and this is as it should be: A win-win deal for all. They now strongly believe the lifting of international sanctions is no longer illusive. It would resuscitate the country's ailing economy and improve their lives. At least, that's what they hope. It's early spring and people on the streets are talking about nothing but the current choice. It represents the biggest chance of rapprochement between Tehran and Washington since the Iranian revolution in 1979. After all, for many Iranians this is more than just a nuclear agreement.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Iran's President Hassan Rouhani must now be over the moon.
Iranians have always wanted a way out of the current impasse with the rest of the world.
Iranians blame sanctions and the previous hardline government for the sorry state of affairs in the economy.
Iranians believe that now there is a joint comprehensive plan of action.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 689, Total accepted tokens: 689, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)One Israeli citizen was killed and another injured in what police are calling a suspected terror attack Wednesday night near Hebrew University in Jerusalem. Israel Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said a 37-year-old Arab motorist from East Jerusalem struck two people standing at a bus stop in the French Hill section of the city. One victim, identified by police as Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, died at the hospital. A 20-year-old woman remains in serious condition, according to Rosenfeld. The driver has been arrested and is under investigation by the General Security Services. "From the investigation and first findings, there is a strong suspicion that we're talking about a terror attack," Rosenfeld said. Amid the ongoing investigation, a magistrate court has issued a gag order on details of the incident.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Israeli citizen killed in suspected terror attack near Hebrew University.
Arab motorist from East Jerusalem struck two people at a bus stop.
One victim, identified as Shalom Yohai Cherki, 26, died at the hospital.
Arab motorist has been arrested and is under investigation by the General Security Services.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 690, Total accepted tokens: 690, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Hong Kong (CNN)An impressive art collection assembled by the late actress and Hollywood icon, Lauren Bacall, has officially been offered for purchase. The collection, which includes works by some of the greatest artists of the 20th century, went under the hammer in New York on March 31, following a tour of Hong Kong, Paris, London and Los Angeles. Bacall, who died in August 2014 at the age of 89, first shot to international fame in 1944 with her first film, "To Have And Have Not." That was also when the husky-voiced starlet met her future husband, Humphrey Bogart. At the recent 2015 Golden Globes, George Clooney paid tribute to the silver screen queen in his award winning speech. "I don't remember what awards Lauren Bacall won, I just remember her saying: 'You know how to whistle, don't you Steve. You just put your lips together and blow.'" said Clooney, referring to one of her most legendary lines from her first movie. The 750-piece collection, which fetched a total of $3.64 million, featured bronze sculptures, jewelry, and a number of decorative arts and paintings, which were sold at Bonhams auction house in New York. "Her collection is truly a reflection of her extraordinary taste and remarkable life," said Jon King, Bonhams' vice president. Among the 50 items highlighted in the auction preview were six bronze maquettes by Henry Moore, Britain's greatest 20th century sculptor and one of Bacall's favorite artists, whom she developed a close relationship with. One of them sold for close to $120,000. Also for sale were some of Bacall's most loved jewelry pieces, created by legendary French designer Jean Schlumberger, most known for his work at Tiffany & Co. A rose diamond camel brooch by British jeweler Elizabeth Gage fetched $23,750 and was accompanied by the original drawing and correspondence from the designer, which shows the close-knit relationship Bacall had with Gage. The wide-ranging collection was expected to appeal to a variety of collectors: fine arts and antiques dealers, fans of Lauren Bacall and Humphrey Bogart, as well as memorabilia enthusiasts. Most of the items auctioned come from the apartment in New York's Dakota Building that she shared with her second husband, actor Jason Robards, until 1969. But King said fans of Humphrey Bogart would have been pleased to know some of the items were also from their shared residence in Los Angeles. King, who got to know Bacall in her late years, said the collection reflects the actress' eclectic taste, and there was only one principle she applied to collecting: . "Everything had to kind of speak to her, to catch her eye. She loved form, she loved texture, she loved color. And she loved mixing it all up. She said that when you walked into her house, what she liked was that it was never boring," King said. "You could walk into the same room a hundred times, and see something new every time."<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Bacall's collection was assembled during her lifetime.
The collection was sold at Bonhams auction house in New York.
The collection was expected to appeal to a variety of collectors.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 691, Total accepted tokens: 691, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Civil unions between people of the same sex will soon be recognized in Chile. The country joined several of its South American neighbors in allowing the unions when President Michelle Bachelet enacted a new law on Monday. "This is a concrete step in the drive to end the difference between homosexual and heterosexual couples," Bachelet said. The new law will take effect in six months. It will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex and between a man and a woman. The Chilean government estimates that around 2 million people will be able to benefit from the change. The law is intended to end discrimination faced by common-law couples, such as not being allowed to visit partners in hospital, make medical decisions on their behalf or decide what to do with their remains. It also gives the couples greater rights in the realms of property, health care, pensions and inheritance. A number of South American nations have moved to allow same-sex civil unions in recent years. But marriage between people of the same sex is legal only in Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Chile joins several of its South American neighbors in allowing the unions.
The new law will take effect in six months.
It will give legal weight to cohabiting relationships between two people of the same sex.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 692, Total accepted tokens: 692, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The next time you fly to see Grandma in Florida, look down. The next time you take the kids on a pilgrimage to see the talking mouse or head down to South Beach for some sun/sin, get a window seat and spend the moments before landing contemplating the seemingly endless swamp below. Because there are few places that represent the folly of man -- and the cost of redemption -- like the Everglades. On approach into Miami or Orlando, it just looks like squishy wasteland full of things that want to hurt you: snakes and scorpions, rats and roaches, gators and mosquitoes. (A researcher once caught 365,000 bloodthirsty bugs in a single trap in a single night.) As you drive along the Tamiami Trail, it just looks like endless sawgrass, the kind that feels like walking through broken glass. "Too wet to farm, too dry to sail, too unpredictable to settle," as Michael Grunwald put it in his definitive history, "The Swamp." And so, a century ago, some American dreamers decided to drain the swamp. They decided to conquer that uninhabitable frontier known as Florida. And long before air conditioning, bug spray and Social Security helped seal that vision, the Army Corps of Engineers blasted and dug 2,000 miles of dams and dikes, ditches and pipes. They did a hell of a job. A watershed built for 2 million people now supports nearly 8 million, and another 50 million tourists each year. But what they didn't know is that without this swamp, there can be no "good life" in Florida. There can be no life. After a century of development, half the Everglades is dead and the other half is on life support. This is a problem, not just for the gators and snakes. It is a problem for the eagles, panthers, snails, dolphins, hawks, manatees, flamingos, vase sponges, black bears and ghost orchids that make up the most unique, diverse wetlands in the world. And most of all, it is a problem for people. Because most of the drinking water in South Florida comes from the aquifers beneath the Everglades. This 2 million-acre river of grass is not only the best form of hurricane protection, it also supports the multibillion-dollar fishing, shrimping and crabbing industries around the Florida Keys. What was once a slow-moving river of gin-clear water became so sluggish and toxic in the 1990s that most of the life in Florida Bay was wiped out -- and America woke up. Fifteen years after then-Gov. Jeb Bush smiled as Bill Clinton signed the most ambitious wildlife reclamation plan in history, the same Army Corps of Engineers that was ordered to rip the Everglades apart is now under orders to help it heal, to the tune of $13 billion as part of a larger congressional restoration plan. That story hook is what drew me here for the final episode of our first season of "The Wonder List." To be honest, as a veteran of a few ho-hum airboat rides, I came with really low expectations. But this place, more than any other this season, surprised me with sublime beauty, great stories and a sense of real urgency as good people try to right the wrongs of the past. Nowhere else is the border between bustling civilization and untamed wilderness so narrow, which is why conservationists like to say that the Everglades is a test. If we pass, we might just get to keep the planet.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: The Everglades is a 2 million-acre river of grass that is dying.
The Army Corps of Engineers blasted and dug 2,000 miles of dams and dikes.
The Everglades is a test: If we pass, we might just get to keep the planet.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 693, Total accepted tokens: 693, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)They took Yarmouk by storm, a sea of masked men flooding into the streets of one the world's most beleaguered places. Besieged and bombed by Syrian forces for more than two years, the desperate residents of this Palestinian refugee camp near Damascus awoke in early April to a new, even more terrifying reality -- ISIS militants seizing Yarmouk after defeating several militia groups operating in the area. "They slaughtered them in the streets," one Yarmouk resident, who asked not to be named, told CNN. "They (caught) three people and killed them in the street, in front of people. The Islamic State is now in control of almost all the camp." An estimated 18,000 refugees are now trapped inside Yarmouk, stuck between ISIS and Syrian regime forces in "the deepest circle of hell," in the words of U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. Yarmouk, the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria, was formed in 1957 to accommodate people fleeing the Arab-Israeli conflict. The camp, which sits just 6 miles from central Damascus, has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012. The London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIS and the al Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front control about 90% of the camp. The organization also claims that the Syrian government has dropped barrel bombs on the camp in an effort to drive out armed groups. Activists and residents in Yarmouk tell CNN that as many as 5,000 people have tried to flee their homes since ISIS stormed the camp, but have no place to go. Hundreds have been injured, but the camp's only functioning hospital was first occupied by ISIS, then targeted last week by regime shelling. As the fighting raged in Yarmouk, the director of the Jafra Foundation -- the only aid group that has been able to get into the camp -- painted a grim portrait of the conditions on the ground since ISIS arrived. "We need medicine and access to treatment and medical facilities," Wesam Sabaneh told CNN. "The last hospital in Yarmouk camp was bombed yesterday, so there's really nothing functioning." Opinion: Save the 'miracle babies' Even delivering clean water in Yarmouk can be a deadly task. Majed Alomari, the Jafra Foundation's water coordinator, was killed a few days ago -- gunned down in an ISIS firefight with rival rebel groups. The head of the Palestinian League for Human Rights in Syria (PLHR), who fled the camp and Syria in October 2012, said the people of Yarmouk were in dire need of help. "According to my contacts inside, people are back to consuming water with spices -- a common meal used in 2014" during the Syrian regime's siege of the camp, the PLHR's Salim Salamah told CNN. Aid agencies briefly managed to break the government's stranglehold on the camp last year, and delivered aid to tens of thousands. But now, as terror closes in on Yarmouk from all sides, residents have two choices -- to attempt to flee what was their place of refuge, or to stay inside what the U.N. says now resembles a camp of death. "Now I am scared of two things -- I am scared of (ISIS) and the regime," the Yarmouk resident told CNN. "The regime now is about to destroy the Yarmouk camp," he said. "And ISIS, I don't know ... they didn't do anything except [rename] Yarmouk Camp as 'Yarmouk Islamic State.'"<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Yarmouk is the largest Palestinian refugee camp in Syria.
The camp has been engulfed in fighting between the Syrian government and armed groups since December 2012.
The camp's only functioning hospital was first occupied by ISIS, then targeted last week by regime shelling.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 694, Total accepted tokens: 694, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)The leader of Yemen's Houthi rebels vowed not to back down on Sunday as a top Saudi military official claimed weeks of airstrikes had significantly weakened the Shiite group. "Our fighters will not evacuate from the main cities or the government institutions," rebel leader Abdul-Malik al-Houthi said in a televised address. "Anyone who thinks we will surrender is dreaming." His comments came after more than three weeks of Saudi-led coalition bombings aimed at pushing back the Houthis, who surged into the capital of Sanaa in January and ousted President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi from power. Hadi still claims he's Yemen's legitimate leader and is working with the Saudis and other allies to return to his country. Since mid-March, more than 700 people have been killed in violence that shows no sign of slowing, according to figures from the World Health Organization. The Houthis say they have the support of the country's people behind them. "It's the right of the Yemeni people to stand against the attacks in all possible means as long as the attacks continue," Al-Houthi said Sunday. "After our people move and react against the attacks and killing of children and women, we do not want to hear any voices and cries." But there are signs of some fracturing among forces loyal to former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh, many of whom have fought alongside the rebels. Gen. AbdulRahman AlHalili, who leads more than 10,000 troops, has now allied himself with Hadi, military sources said Sunday. Meanwhile, Saudi Brig. Gen. Ahmed Asiri said Sunday that airstrikes had decimated the Houthis' central command by targeting their communications. The rebels, he said, are now holding a defensive stance in besieged areas. Since it began the campaign known as Operation Decisive Storm on March 26, the Saudi-led coalition has launched 2,300 airstrikes, Asiri said. After hours at sea, chaos and desperation in Yemeni city . CNN's Don Melvin and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Yemeni rebels vow not to back down.
Rebel leader Abdul-Malik al-Houthi says he will not surrender.
Saudi-led coalition has launched 2,300 airstrikes.
Houthis say they have the support of the country's people behind them.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 695, Total accepted tokens: 695, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)If you cared deeply about something, would you protest? Make a sign? Join a demonstration? How long could you keep going for, in the face of indifference and inaction? When more than 200 Nigerian girls were kidnapped from their school a year ago by Boko Haram militants, millions of people around the world joined a social media campaign to plead for their safe return. Charles Alasholuyi was one of those people -- from celebrities to world leaders -- voicing their anger via #BringBackOurGirls, one of the top Twitter hashtags of 2014, used in more than four million tweets. But as weeks turned into months, there was still no sign of the missing girls. The spotlight on the campaign faded. People stopped tweeting. They stopped marching. They stopped pleading with the Nigerian government to do more to rescue the young students. It seemed everyone had given up hope that the girls would come back. Many questioned whether they were even still alive. Everyone, that is, except Alasholuyi. The marketing professional and father-of-three has taken time nearly every single day since the girls went missing to hold up a sign featuring the #BringBackOurGirls hashtag, have his colleague take his photo with it, and post it on CNN iReport. Alasholuyi, a believer in the saying that "an injury done to one, is an injury done to all," says he does this to help give the families of the girls a voice. He admits his daily routine can be stressful and frustrating and he hopes that one day soon, he will be able to stop doing it. But so far he hasn't dared give up his commitment, saying he feels a moral obligation to continue posting his daily photo until the girls are returned. He says he doesn't want anyone to forget about them and the struggles their families are facing every day the girls are missing. #BringBackOurGirls one year on: 'We should all feel shame' Alasholuyi adds messages on the signs like "over 200 stolen dreams," "save the girls now" and "our government has a responsibility to protect us all." Over the past year, he has also worked with organizations who are holding the Nigerian government accountable, demanding they do more to find the girls. Most recently, he participated in a 10-kilometer march through Lagos. He has also met local leaders to highlight the need for girls to be able to get an education without the fear of being abducted. Malala's letter to the abducted schoolgirls . Alasholuyi has also appealed to his government  -- and other nations -- to fight the violence imposed by Boko Haram which has carried out multiple attacks and abductions since the kidnapping of the Chibok girls. "Yesterday was Chibok, the day before yesterday it was somewhere in the north, today it could be another town. Tomorrow it could be my village," he said. "Why not cry out loud now for the whole world to come to our aid and make sure that the Boko Haram insurgency and their senseless abductions are nipped in the bud." He told CNN he believes the newly-elected government, which is due to take office on May 29, will step up efforts to locate the girls. He is confident president elect Muhammadu Buhari, the country's newly-elected president and a retired Major General in the Nigerian Army, will do more to combat the threat of Boko Haram. Alasholuyi says he believes in miracles and hopes his passion, commitment and determination to help the Chibok girls through his daily photos will one day bring them home safely. How the world has changed since the kidnappings .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Charles Alasholuyi is a Nigerian man who has been posting photos of the girls.
He says he does this to help give the families of the girls a voice.
Alasholuyi says he doesn't want anyone to forget about the girls.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 696, Total accepted tokens: 696, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A South African university is celebrating the removal of a British colonialist's statue after weeks of protests. University of Cape Town students took to social media  to demand Cecil Rhodes' statue come down, saying his legacy is tainted with racism. Using the hashtag #RhodesMustFall, students expressed their views in a campaign that started last month. Four weeks later, the hashtag is now #RhodesHas Fallen. The university said Wednesday the heritage authority granted it permission to remove the statue from the campus. "These steps are being taken to ensure the safety of the statue while matters concerning its future are resolved," the university said in a statement. Rhodes' statue was first unveiled in 1934 at the university, which also has a scholarship and memorial in his name. #RhodesMustFall gained attention after activists threw excrement on the statue in March. "He represents the former colonial representation of this country -- supremacy, racism, misogyny," says Ramabina Mahapa, president of the students' Representative Council, which led the fight to remove the statue. "Students are saying these aren't the ideals that we want to have here," Mahapa says. "The statue represents what is wrong with society." But in Pretoria, another group of protesters disagreed. "This isn't confronting history, this is erasing it," says Steve Hofmeyr, a singer who participated in a campaign Thursday that involved activists chaining themselves to the Paul Kruger statue in response to #RhodesHasFallen. Days earlier,  Kruger's statue was pelted with green paint. The Afrikaner is known for his opposition to the British. Afrikaner groups also chained themselves to the statue of Dutch colonizer Jan van Riebeeck in Cape Town. "I don't want fewer monuments," Hofmeyr says. "I want more monuments erected. But don't defile the ones that exist -- we are the sum total of all the history, not just the fun parts." Mahapa said removing a statue shouldn't be equated with removing history. "People down the years will be looking at the statue and at his history and what he did," Mahapa says. "We need to be moving toward becoming an Afrocentric university where African thought can be appreciated." Hofmeyr said the statue is a race issue. "There are huge gaping differences between people in South Africa and that is why you need dialogue, which you can't have without its monuments and statues," he says. Students marked the removal of Rhodes' statue with a celebratory march. They held signs that said "we're not done yet." With the statue removed, some asked what's next for the movement.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: University of Cape Town students demand Cecil Rhodes statue come down.
Rhodes' statue was first unveiled in 1934 at the university.
Students say his legacy is tainted with racism.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 697, Total accepted tokens: 697, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Syria is a Hell on Earth that is expanding in plain sight. The death toll there has doubled in a year's time, if an opposition group is right. Since civil war broke out there, 310,000 people have been killed, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said Thursday. A year earlier, SOHR's tally stood at 162,402. And the year before, the United Nations put the death toll at 70,000. Violence has plunged well over half of all Syrians into such destitution that they are in dire need of survival aid, the United Nations says, as food rations are being cut for lack of donations. Numbers alone can't convey the immeasurable anguish of millions, but maybe it can remind the rest of us of the magnitude of the world's currently greatest tragedy. The number of years since perpetual bloodshed began, since dictator Bashar al-Assad's security forces fired on crowds of demonstrators and armed militant groups rose up against him in March 2011. Percentage of the Syrian population killed. It would be like killing 3 to 4 million Americans. The range comes from the SOHR's death toll of 310,000 and a recent lower estimate by the U.N. of at least 220,000 dead. The number of Syrians in need of immediate life-saving aid, according to the U.N.  That's the population of Moscow. Syrians driven from their homes, the U.N. says. Imagine the entire Boston metropolitan area emptied out. Syrians who have fled as refugees to neighboring countries, creating humanitarian and economic hardship across Syria's borders. Turkey has taken in 1.7 million, Lebanon 1.2 million, Jordan 625,000, and Iraq 245,000. The reduction in the size of food rations the World Food Programme says it has been forced to make due to a lack of donations. That means people receiving aid will get only 60% of the daily nutrition they need.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Death toll in Syria has doubled in a year's time, according to opposition group.
310,000 people have been killed since civil war began in March 2011.
U.N. says 220,000 people are in need of immediate life-saving aid.
U.N. says 162,402 people were killed in 2010.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 698, Total accepted tokens: 698, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)Silent, almost shy as she headed into Manhattan Criminal Court, Ailina Tsarnaeva was anything but timid when it came to a perceived rival, prosecutors say. According to a criminal complaint, Tsarnaeva threatened a woman in a phone call this summer, saying "Leave my man alone." "Stop looking for him. ... I know people that can put a bomb where you live," she said, according to the complaint. Considering who was making the threats, prosecutors didn't consider it a joke and charged Tsarnaeva with aggravated harassment, which she denies. Leaving court last December, she and her lawyer refused to discuss the case. Tsarnaeva is the sister of Dzhokhar and Tamerlan Tsarnaev. Authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 Boston marathon bombing, which left three people dead and more than 260 others injured. Police shot and killed Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26, during the manhunt and later captured Dzhokhar, who is now on trial. Tsarnaev's lawyers don't dispute that he did it. The defense argues that he was influenced and enlisted by his older, self-radicalized brother to commit acts of terror. Defense rests in Boston Marathon bombing trial . The Tsarnaev family first immigrated to the Boston area back in 2002. The parents, fleeing a troubled region of Russia, were treated as legal residents and granted asylum -- a status that opened the door for taxpayer-funded welfare. The state of Massachusetts has confirmed the Tsarnaevs received food stamps, public housing and other aid, on and off, between 2002 and 2012. During this time, Tamerlan Tsarnaev began his conversion to radical Islam. Then, according to investigators, he began filling his younger brother's head with a hatred toward the West. Not much is known about the two Tsarnaeva daughters, Ailina, 24, and Bella, 26, though their last known address was in North Bergen, New Jersey. Along with charges of making bomb threats, Ailina Tsarnaeva has a past record that includes misleading police in a counterfeiting case. She pleaded guilty but got no jail time. She was also charged with leaving the scene of an accident, but that charge was dismissed. Her older sister, Bella, was charged with marijuana possession and intent to distribute after a 2012 arrest, and she entered a pretrial intervention program. Even their mother, Zubeidat Tsarnaeva, has had issues with the law. She fled back to Russia in 2012, where she remains a fugitive. Records show that she was arrested in June 2012 for allegedly shoplifting $1,600 worth of women's clothing from a Boston-area Lord & Taylor department store. She is wanted on felony charges of shoplifting and destruction of property. Russia raised concerns to U.S. authorities about her in 2011 at the same time they asked the United States about her son Tamerlan, several sources told CNN shortly after the 2013 attack. U.S. authorities added the mother and son to the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment, or TIDE, database -- a collection of more than a half-million names maintained by the National Counterterrorism Center, an intelligence official said. FBI agents interviewed Zubeidat Tsarnaev as part of the investigation into her son, whose case was closed after several months. The radicalization of Tsarnaev . In Russia, she has maintained her innocence in the shoplifting case while also calling the charges against her sons "made up." Though not elaborating on her beliefs, Ailina Tsarnaeva has said she believes, as her mother does, that her surviving brother Dzhokhar and her dead brother Tamerlan are innocent. Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, now 21, faces 30 criminal counts, including using a weapon of mass destruction causing death. On Tuesday, one day after federal prosecutors rested after calling more than 90 witnesses, defense lawyers rested their case without calling Tsarnaev to the stand. Closing arguments are expected Monday. Tsarnaev attorney: 'It was him' Watch Erin Burnett weekdays 7pm ET. For the latest from Erin Burnett click here.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Prosecutors charge Ailina Tsarnaeva with aggravated harassment.
She denies the charges, saying she was not joking.
She and her lawyer refused to discuss the case.
The Tsarnaevs are accused of Boston marathon bombing.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 699, Total accepted tokens: 699, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: (CNN)A door bearing a graffiti drawing by British artist Banksy was seized by police in Gaza on Thursday after a dispute over its sale, a Gaza police official told CNN on Thursday. The owner of the door, Rabea Darduna, filed a complaint with a Gaza court stating that, without realizing its value, he sold the door for just $175 U.S. The iron door will remain in the possession of the Khan Younis police in southern Gaza until a court hearing at a date yet to be determined. When Darduna's Gaza home was destroyed in last summer's war, he says he felt he was left with nothing. Only a doorway and a door. He sold the door to bring in some money to care for his six children, not realizing the prize he had. "We sold it as we would sell an iron door," Darduna said Monday, "for $175. And the man took it." Darduna says he was duped into believing the door was a normal door when it was really a canvas for Banksy, one of the world's most famous graffiti artists, who had painted a Greek goddess with her head in her hand. The door was likely worth a small fortune -- a fortune Darduna gave away for a fraction of its value. "Things started becoming clear that the artist is worldwide famous, and he drew it secretly," said Darduna. "[The buyer] used us. My house is demolished. We're destroyed emotionally. We ask him to return the door." Banksy's graffiti in Gaza has become an attraction after he visited in February and painted a series of political messages. His works adorn walls and homes turning rubble into riches. Some of Banksy's art has sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars. Banksy has never revealed his identity, but he is an English graffiti artist who began displaying his work in the early 1990s. His street art often portrays political and social messages. Mohammed Alshanbari says he's had offers for Banksy's portrait of a cat playing with a ball of mangled metal, but he refuses to sell. In text accompanying the image on his official website, Banksy wrote: "A local man came up and said 'Please -- what does this mean?' I explained I wanted to highlight the destruction in Gaza by posting photos on my website -- but on the internet people only look at pictures of kittens." Alshanbari says he's looking after the mural on the wall where his house once stood. "A lot of people showed up and people asked to buy it, but I'm keeping it, and I won't sell it," he says. "It's a graffiti from the most famous artist in the world, and I can't give it away. It stands where the house used to stand. I cleared a lot of rubble, but left the wall." CNN's Talal Abu-Rahma reported from Gaza and CNN's Steve Almasy reported from Atlanta. CNN's Salma Abdelaziz and Oren Liebermann contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Owner of door says he sold it for $175 U.S. without realizing its value.
Iron door will remain in possession of Khan Younis police in southern Gaza.
Banksy's graffiti in Gaza has become an attraction after he visited in February.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 700, Total accepted tokens: 700, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Holland manager Guus Hiddink has slammed his own supporters for booing Andres Iniesta during his side's 2-0 victory against Spain on Tuesday night and branded them a 'disgrace'. Spain coach Vicente del Bosque fielded an experimental side at the Amsterdam Arena with Iniesta, who started on the bench, entering the fray in the 76th minute to chorus of jeering and boos from the home fans. Centre back Stefan de Vrij and midfielder Davy Klaassen scored first-half goals in the morale-boosting victory, but Hiddink was unimpressed with the way Iniesta was treated. Spain midfielder Andres Iniesta controls the ball during his side's 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday night . 'It's a disgrace,' said Hiddink. 'He's a world class player and a wonderful person. At first I didn't notice it was about him. Was it because of his goal against the Netherlands in 2010? 'It's unbelievable, this is about sport. What was he supposed to do? I can't understand this.' Tuesday night's friendly win was a much-needed boost for Hiddink who has endured a tough start to his second stint as national coach. Holland boss Guus Hiddink slammed the home fans for booing Iniesta after his arrival in the 76th minute . In the seven matches leading up to the victory against Spain, his team had beaten only Kazakhstan and Latvia in European qualifiers and lost to Italy, the Czech Republic, Iceland and Mexico in qualifiers and friendlies. 'I don't have the feeling that there is pressure on my shoulders, ' Hiddink added. 'I don't want to fight against the media any more, I just want to stay focused on football. There are always stories in the press. Stefan de Vrij (second from left) heads past Spain goalkeeper David de Gea to make it 1-0 . Davy Klaassen doubles Holland's advantage after seeing his initial effort saved by Spain goalkeeper De Gea . 'I saw a Netherlands squad that had the guts to play football. Although we made some mistakes, I thought we were pretty good. 'These mistakes are a good lessons for our players because you can't make these against Spain. Luckily they didn't punish us. Kenneth Vermeer saved us a few times and I thought Daley Blind and Klaassen played very well.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Holland manager Guus Hiddink slams supporters for booing Andres Iniesta.
Hiddink says he doesn't understand why supporters booed the Spanish star.
Hiddink says he doesn't have the feeling that there is pressure on his shoulders.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 701, Total accepted tokens: 701, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Scotland will discover on May 21 if September's Euro 2016 qualifier with Georgia will be played behind closed doors. UEFA has announced it has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation (GFF) after fans twice invaded the field of play during Sunday's 2-0 defeat by Germany in Tbilisi. European football's governing body is also set to look at charges that allege home fans were guilty of setting off fireworks while a string of safety breaches, including blocked stairs, locked gates and a lack of body searches by staff at the Boris Paichadze Stadium, will also be investigated. A fan invades the pitch during Georgia's 2-0 defeat by Germany on Sunday in Tbilisi . Play was halted twice at the Boris Paichadze Stadium due to Georgia fans arriving onto the field . UEFA's Control, Ethics and Disciplinary Body will decide the case on May 21. The GFF has already vowed to tighten up security in the wake of those crowd disturbances. But GFF president Zviad Sichinava admits he fears UEFA will force him to shut the stadium for the September 4 meeting with Gordon Strachan's side, throwing Scottish supporters' travel plans into chaos. UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation over the incidents . He said: 'Delegates from UEFA are already sending reports and unfortunately there will be monetary sanctions. 'Also the next Georgia home game - against Scotland - could be held without spectators.' Scotland currently sit third in Group D, a point behind leaders Poland. Georgia are fifth, with just one win from five games.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: UEFA has opened disciplinary proceedings against the Georgian Football Federation.
The GFF has vowed to tighten up security in the wake of those crowd disturbances.
The GFF president admits he fears UEFA will force him to shut the stadium.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 702, Total accepted tokens: 702, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Football agents were left in limbo on Wednesday as they awaited news on new regulations. As of April 1, the licensing system for agents is to change so that anyone can become a football agent as long as they pay £500 for an initial one-year registration period. The FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal. Already established licensed agents were exempt. The FA is due to place a link on their website for intermediaries to register, but as of 1pm that was still not in place. Mel Stein thinks the new regulations on becoming a football agent will 'create anarchy' The new guidelines have come in after FIFA effectively washed their hands of governing agents. FIFA recommendations include national associations registering only intermediaries of 'impeccable character', all deals annually published online, agents' fees limited to three per cent and no monies earned by them for negotiating deals for players under the age of 18. The FA, Premier League and Football League have been discussing how best to cope with FIFA opting out. All have serious concerns about how the system will work in Britain and abroad, especially in under-developed football territories. Mel Stein, chairman of the London-based Association of Football Agents, told the Guardian: 'I think it's going to create anarchy and everybody is going to be sorry about it. FIFA couldn't cope so they decided to hand it over to the individual territories. Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao (right) with his agent Jorge Mendes pictured last year . 'I can see the bloke in the pub who knows a parent or a footballer's dad saying 'I'll represent you' and then undercutting everyone.' 'It is clearly wrong and anti-competitive to have this kind of price-capping. The FA are saying we've got to do it because that's what FIFA are telling us to do. The three per cent cap will destroy the business of probably 50% of my members.' AFA (Association of Football Agents) has been holding discussions to reach a compromise and have pushed for self regulating. James Featherstone of OmniSports said: 'It's a big worry for clubs how they keep a check on who is who. These new rules will allow anyone to register as an intermediary acting on behalf of a player.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Football agents left in limbo as they await news on new regulations.
As of April 1, the licensing system for agents is to change.
The FA will then charge £250 for every subsequent year of renewal.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 703, Total accepted tokens: 703, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Financially-troubled CSKA Sofia's Latvian goalkeeper Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid for three months and has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent. But despite the financial problems, Uvarenko, who joined the Bulgarian club on an 18-month contract in January, has been impressed by the 'unique' fans and their passionate support. 'The lack of money is the biggest problem I've faced at CSKA, Uvarenko told local media on Wednesday. 'I still haven't received any salary and I've been at the club for three months. Goalkeeper Maksims Ukarov has not been paid by CSKA Sofia since joining the club in January . 'My wife and I are expecting a child and we can't afford to stay without money. I was forced to accept some cash from my parents to pay the rent on our apartment in Sofia.' Debt-ridden CSKA have already issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing to avoid expulsion from the Bulgarian top division over debts. Supporters and fan clubs based overseas have made donations in the last few days and CSKA chairman Alexander Tomov said The Reds will meet the Bulgarian Football Union's (BFU) licensing criteria. 'CSKA fans are unique,' Uvarenko said. 'I am impressed by their temperament and support. Every game is a big thrill for me.' CSKA have faced a series of financial problems since Bulgarian tycoon Vasil Bozhkov, considered one of the richest men in the Black Sea state, decided to sell the club in 2006. A general view of CSKA Sofia's home ground, the Bulgarian Army Stadium, during a league match in 2012 . Bozhkov angered CSKA fans by sacking Serbian coach Miodrag Yesic and that decision was followed by frequent disputes between the supporters and the club management. Nine years after Bozhkov's departure, CSKA are beset by financial problems after paying large transfer fees and high wages for players and coaches while not settling debts to the National Social Security Institute and National Revenue Agency. In happier times, CSKA reached the semi-finals in two European Cup campaigns (1967 and 1981) and the now defunct European Cup Winners' Cup (1989). The 31-times Bulgarian champions, who are one of the two most popular clubs in the Balkan country alongside city rivals Levski Sofia, are second in the standings with 45 points from 23 matches, three points behind champions Ludogorets. CSKA visit Ludogorets on Saturday with several local businessmen announcing that the CSKA players would receive tempting bonuses if they beat the Razgrad-based side, who have won the title for the last three seasons.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: CSKA Sofia's Latvian goalkeeper Maksims Uvarenko has not been paid for three months.
Uvarenko has had to ask his parents to send him money to pay his rent.
CSKA have issued a desperate plea to fans to provide emergency financial backing.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 704, Total accepted tokens: 704, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Spain's 2-0 defeat by Holland on Tuesday brought back bitter memories of their disastrous 2014 World Cup, but coach Vicente del Bosque will not be too worried about a third straight friendly defeat, insists Gerard Pique. Holland, whose 5-1 drubbing of Spain in the group stage in Brazil last year marked the end of the Iberian nation's six-year domination of the world game, scored two early goals at the Amsterdam Arena and held on against some determined Spain pressure in the second half for a 2-0 success. They became the first team to inflict two defeats on Del Bosque since he took over in 2008 but the gruff 64-year-old had used the match to try out several new faces and he fielded a largely experimental, second-string team. Stefan de Vrij (right) headed Holland in front against Spain at the Amsterdam Arena on Tuesday . Gerard Pique (left) could do nothing to stop Davy Klaassen doubling the Dutch advantage . Malaga forward Juanmi and Sevilla midfielder Vitolo became the 55th and 56th players to debut under Del Bosque, while the likes of goalkeeper David de Gea, defenders Raul Albiol, Juan Bernat and Dani Carvajal and midfielder Mario Suarez all started the game. 'The national team's state of health is good,' centre back Gerard Pique told reporters. 'We are in a process where players are coming into the team and gathering experience,' added the Barcelona defender. 'We are second in qualifying (for Euro 2016) and these friendly games are for experimenting. 'I am not that worried about this match because we lost friendlies in previous years and then ended up winning titles.' David de Gea was given a start by Vicente del Bosque but could not keep out De Vrij's header here . Dani Carvajal (centre) was another squad player given a chance to impress against Holland . Del Bosque will be confident he can find the right mix of players to secure Spain's berth at Euro 2016 in France next year, when they will be chasing an unprecedented third straight title. Slovakia are the surprise leaders in qualifying Group C thanks to a 2-1 win over Spain in Zilina in October and have a maximum 15 points from five of 10 matches. Spain are second on 12 points, three ahead of Ukraine, who they beat 1-0 in Seville on Friday. Del Bosque's side host Slovakia in September in a match that could decide who goes through to the finals as group winners. 'The team is in good shape,' forward Pedro told reporters. 'We have a very clear idea of our playing style and we are able to count on people who are gradually making a place for themselves in the team.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Spain's 2-0 defeat by Holland brings back bitter memories of their 2014 World Cup.
Coach Vicente del Bosque will not be too worried about a third straight friendly defeat.
Holland scored two early goals at the Amsterdam Arena and held on against Spain pressure.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 705, Total accepted tokens: 705, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A New York City mother has fled to Germany with her daughter during a custody battle, police claim. Ulrike Berger, 44, is barred by a court order from leaving the country with seven-year-old Kaia. But on March 22, a day after the little girl was dropped off for a weekend visit, they are believed to have boarded a plane to Europe. Manhunt: Police are searching for Ulrike Berger, 44, (left) and her seven-year-old daughter Kaia (right). It is believed the pair boarded a plane from New York to Germany on March 22, violating a custody court order . Police say the pair were last seen at Berger's home in Boerun Hill, Brooklyn, at 10am on March 21, when Kaia's father dropped her off. The estranged couple had scheduled a date for Kaia to be returned, the New York Post reported. According to the paper, Berger, a German national, also uses the first name 'Julie'. Anyone with information about the case should call the NYPD Crime Stoppers Hotline: 800-577-TIPS.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police: Ulrike Berger, 44, and her daughter Kaia are believed to have left New York.
Berger is barred by a court order from leaving the country with Kaia.
The pair were last seen at Berger's home in Boerun Hill, Brooklyn, on March 21.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 706, Total accepted tokens: 706, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped last December. Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan Rodgers in December after a poor run of form but quickly returned after Brad Jones sustained a thigh injury. And the 27-year-old Belgian told how he tried to remain upbeat despite the disappointment at being axed. Simon Mignolet has revealed how his mental strength helped him recover after being dropped . Mignolet (second right) makes a save from a free kick during a league match against Swansea last month . Mignolet told FourFourTwo: 'I was positive. Every goalkeeper goes through those stages, and you only get mentally stronger from them. Because we play so many games, I just looked forward to the next match. 'I always wanted to keep improving and moving forward. I’m in my second year now at Liverpool and I’ve learned a lot. 'There’s always something to work on. I’ve just turned 27 but I still pick up things every day. That helps get through difficult moments.' Mignolet has been in impressive form since his return and has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home. Mignolet (right) trains alongside fellow Belgian Thibaut Courtois (centre) in Israel earlier this week . Mignolet replaces Brad Jones during a match against Burnley at Turf Moor on Boxing Day last year . He said: 'I’ve been pleased with my form, but I don’t really look at records. The most important thing is the team, and winning points. 'Keeping a clean sheet isn’t something you do on your own – it’s a group effort. Since we changed to the new system, we’ve been well organised. 'You concede or score as a unit, and at the moment from the top of the pitch to me, we are pressing well. 'We’re tight at the back, we squeeze up well. Everyone is doing their job and working hard. It’s great to play behind a solid team.' Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers (centre) speaks with Mignolet (left) and Jones at Melwood last October .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet says he tried to remain positive after being dropped.
Mignolet was dropped 'indefinitely' by manager Brendan Rodgers in December.
The 27-year-old Belgian says he has been in impressive form since his return.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 707, Total accepted tokens: 707, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the South on Tuesday with residents rushing out to capture the freak weather. Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool. Footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed, with many cracking as they hit the ground. Despite it being around 80-degrees, the compacted lumps prove resilient to the heat taking a good while to melt. In a matter of seconds the patio is completely covered in snow-white pellets. Caught on camera: Giant hailstones the size of plums crashed down over the South on Tuesday with residents rushing out to capture the freak weather . Monster hail: Brittney Davis from Arkansas holds one of the hail stones that fell from the sky yesterday . Photographs taken after the hail storm passed show large punctures in a lawn. A SUV and drainpipe are also seen littered with dent marks. Other social media users have also been sharing pictures of the monster hail. Many pictures show the balls alongside quarter-dollar coins to demonstrate their mammoth size. Other residents claimed the spheres were as big as baseballs. Before and after shots: Twitter user Arke USA from Bryant, Arkansas, filmed the ice balls peppering his backyard and noisily plopping into the swimming pool . Big pellets: The National Weather Service received 170 reports of hail, twenty of which detailed stones at least two inches in diameter . Lasting damage: Photographs taken after the hail storm passed show punctures in a lawn (left) and dent marks on an SUV (right) Christopher Pipkin uploaded a photo to Twitter showing his mother's car windscreen smashed in as a result of the hail storm. The National Weather Service apparently received 170 reports of hail on Tuesday, twenty of which detailed stones at least two inches in diameter. Along with hail, lighting and thunder also hit Arkansas and parts of Mississippi. There have been reports of power outages and traffic delays due to the severe weather. According to The Weather Channel, the storms will move across the Midwest on Thursday with St Louis, Louisville, Memphis, Indianapolis, Little Rock, Oklahoma City and Dallas hit hardest. On Friday the icy blasts are set to drift further South, hitting cities including Jackson and Birmingham. Sweeping front: There have been reports of power outages and traffic delays due to the severe weather . Warning: According to The Weather Channel, the storms will move across the Midwest on Thursday with St Louis, Louisville, Memphis, Indianapolis, Little Rock, Oklahoma City and Dallas hit hardest . Weekend woes: On Friday the icy blasts are set to drift further South, hitting cities including Jackson and Birmingham .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Giant hailstones the size of plums crash down over the South.
Residents rush out to capture the freak weather.
Footage shows the hailstones coming down at speed, with many cracking as they hit the ground.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 708, Total accepted tokens: 708, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Amazing pictures have emerged of  blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast. The images were taken in Jervis Bay, the south coast of NSW, as the neon glow illuminated one of Australia's popular beaches. Photographer Andy Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light. A similar display was shown in Sydney's Manly Beach back in August 2014 where an oceanography expert told Daily Mail Australia there was no need to be concerned about the algae. 'The glow is caused by Noctiluca scintillans, which is a single celled phytoplankton - the algae of the sea - which blossoms in the spring and the autumn and in 90 per cent of occasions occurs due to natural causes,' Iain Suthers, of University of New South Wales, said. Mr Suthers explained that the bizarre carnivorous cell, which preys on another type of algae called diatoms, gives off the luminous glow as a defence mechanism. Scroll down for video . Incredible pictures have emerged of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast . The amazing images were taken in Jervis Bay which is in the south coast of New South Wales . Photograher Andy Hutchinson captured trhe neon glow illuminating one of Australia's popular beaches . Mr Hutchinson described the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene' caused by millions of plankton omitting light . A similar display - like the one in Jervis Bay (pictured) - was shown in Sydney's Manly Beach back in August 2014 . Iain Suthers, of University of New South Wales, says the algae blossoms in the spring and the autumn .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Images of blue fluorescent algae lighting up Australia's east coast.
Photographer Andy Hutchinson describes the sight as a 'beautiful supernatural scene'
Algae blooms in the spring and the autumn.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 709, Total accepted tokens: 709, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A drunk teenage boy had to be rescued by security after jumping into a lions' enclosure at a zoo in western India. Rahul Kumar, 17, clambered over the enclosure fence at the Kamla Nehru Zoological Park in Ahmedabad, and began running towards the animals, shouting he would 'kill them'. Mr Kumar explained afterwards that he was drunk and 'thought I'd stand a good chance' against the predators. Next level drunk: Intoxicated Rahul Kumar, 17, climbed into the lions' enclosure at a zoo in Ahmedabad and began running towards the animals shouting 'Today I kill a lion!' Mr Kumar had been sitting near the enclosure when he suddenly made a dash for the lions, surprising zoo security. The intoxicated teenager ran towards the lions, shouting: 'Today I kill a lion or a lion kills me!' A zoo spokesman said: 'Guards had earlier spotted him close to the enclosure but had no idea he was planing to enter it. 'Fortunately, there are eight moats to cross before getting to where the lions usually are and he fell into the second one, allowing guards to catch up with him and take him out. 'We then handed him over to the police.' Brave fool: Fortunately, Mr Kumar  fell into a moat as he ran towards the lions and could be rescued by zoo security staff before reaching the animals (stock image) Kumar later explained: 'I don't really know why I did it. 'I was drunk and thought I'd stand a good chance.' A police spokesman said: 'He has been cautioned and will be sent for psychiatric evaluation. 'Fortunately for him, the lions were asleep and the zoo guards acted quickly enough to prevent a tragedy similar to that in Delhi.' Last year a 20-year-old man was mauled to death by a tiger in the Indian capital after climbing into its enclosure at the city zoo.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Teenage boy was intoxicated and jumped into a lions' enclosure at a zoo.
Rahul Kumar, 17, was running towards the animals shouting he would 'kill them'
Zoo security rescued the intoxicated teenager from the lions' enclosure.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 710, Total accepted tokens: 710, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A 12-year-old boy who fell out of a five-storey window miraculously survived after landing on a car parked beneath the building. According to his father, the boy most likely fell while sleepwalking. The incident happened last Saturday in Nanchang, the provincial capital of Jiangxi in southeastern China, reported the People’s Daily Online. Life-saving car: The 12-year-old boy from Nanchang was saved by this car parked underneath the building . Miraculous: The kid fell from the fourth floor of this building while sleepwalking, according to his father . A hotel receptionist working across the road said she heard a loud bang around midnight, which she thought was a car accident. When she went out to have a look she discovered there was the body of a boy lying on top of a white car. The boy was crying out for help. 'The car’s windscreen was shattered and there was a lot of blood,' said the eyewitness. The receptionist added: 'The boy was conscious at the time and an ambulance was called to take him to the hospital. Someone said that he had fallen from the fourth floor. 'He’s really lucky. If it wasn’t for the car, he would not have survived.' Doctors at the Nanchang University Medical Hospital said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries. The main injury was to his leg but he needed further observations. Nonvital injuries: Doctors said that the boy did not have life-threatening injuries but his leg was hurt . The boy’s father said: “I don’t know how he fell out of the window but he said that he was sleepwalking.” The Public Security Bureau is further investigating the incident. However, the owner of the car, Xiao Deng, doesn’t feel so lucky. Scene of the incident: Neighbours noticed the fall when the boy was on top of the car and yelling for help . Deng was having dinner nearby and when he returned saw the damage to his car. He said that he bought the car just six months ago. He has called the insurance company but representative told him they have never handled such an incident before and needed to check to see how much of this is covered.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Boy, 12, fell from a five-storey window while sleepwalking.
He landed on a car parked underneath the building.
Boy was crying out for help.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 711, Total accepted tokens: 711, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to hit the ice again just a day after receiving a cut that could have cost him his eyesight. 'I feel very blessed the skate didn't hit my eye,' Miller said at practice on Wednesday. 'Very lucky' Skating with a full face mask during practice, the Detroit forward openly bore a gruesome red wound that required 50 to 60 stitches to close along multiple layers of skin, the Detroit Free Press reports. Gruesome: Miller was left with a scar across his eye, but reportedly didn't suffer any damage to his eyesight after another player cut him across his face . The incident occurred shortly after a faceoff during the first period of Tuesday's game between the Red Wings and the Senators. While battling for the puck, Ottawa's Mark Stone lost his balance and lifted his right skate backwards in an arc, catching Miller just under his visor. Stone's skate cut Miller along his right cheek and again just below his eyebrow. Miller exited the ice under his own power before medical staff rushed him to receive treatment, including stitches. Though he has a gash that runs across both sides of his eyelid and bruising below his right eye, Miller said his vision was largely unaffected. 'Right now, it's just dealing with the cut and the stitches and the soreness,' Miller explained. 'Other than that, my eye is good, and when I got on the ice today, I felt pretty good.' Freak accident: While falling to the ice, Ottawa's Mark Stone lifted his skate and struck Miller under the visor with the blade . Stitched up: Twitter user Red Wing Memes published a photo of the Red Wings forward with the freshly stitched wound . Second opinion: A second angle showed Stone losing his balance while fighting for the puck with the Red Wings' Luke Glendening . Bruiser: Miller said he wanted to come back for the third period after being stitched up, though the team said he will likely return Thursday against Boston . My Fox Detroit reports Miller had wanted to return during the third period of the game, which Detroit lost 2-1. Red Wings Coach Mike Babcock said Miller will likely have a 'big-time scar' but to expect the winger to be on the ice Thursday. The team will need Miller, who has played in 159 straight games, as it tries to secure the final guaranteed playoff spot in the Atlantic division.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Red Wings' Drew Miller says he's eager to hit the ice again.
The Detroit forward says he's been stitched up after a faceoff.
Miller says he's been told he could lose his eyesight.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 712, Total accepted tokens: 712, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract, despite Atletico Madrid considering bringing him back in the summer. The full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from the Spanish champions last July, but has struggled to make the left back position his own at Stamford Bridge. Atletico hope that may give them leverage, but Luis said: ‘I’m happy at Chelsea. I want to stay at the club until the end of my contract.’ Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea (right), despite Atletico Madrid considering re-signing him . Luis played in Brazil’s friendly wins against France and Chile during the international break, but attentions now turn to the Premier League title run-in. And Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho is refusing to let his league leaders rest on their laurels until the job is done. ‘He always asks for everybody to be focused and concentrate in the matches and try to win every game we play,’ Luis added. ‘He always says that to us. He never says anything else. ‘It’s really difficult. We have nine really difficult games. We have to be better than ever but I think we’re prepared to cope with the hard situation that we have.’ The defender's attentions now turn to the Premier League having played for Brazil against France and Chile .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Filipe Luis insists he wants to stay at Chelsea until the end of his contract.
The Brazilian full back signed a three-year contract when he moved from Atletico Madrid last July.
Luis played in Brazil's friendly wins against France and Chile during the international break.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 713, Total accepted tokens: 713, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A Reading fan is facing a three-year ban after running topless on to the pitch and performing a series of somersaults during his first-ever game at the Madejski Stadium. Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion during the Royals' FA Cup 3-0 quarter-final replay win over Bradford City last month. Sumner, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch - landing on his back, before being tackled by stewards. Reading fan Charlie Sumner (left) faces a three-year football ban after his one-man pitch invasion last month . Sumner - who said going to his first game was a 'brilliant experience' - is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. The order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all of Reading's future home and away matches. On Wednesday, Sumner, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said he had no regrets about the incident, adding that he had done it for 'laugh' and that his family had 'seen the funny side'. Speaking outside court, he said: 'After doing it and seeing good comments and messages, even from the away fans, I don't look back and regret it. The incident occurred during the Royals' 3-0 FA Cup quarter-final replay win over Bradford . 'Obviously I wouldn't inform other people to do it. It was just spur of the moment. It's good to see good feedback and not negative feedback. 'I'd had a few drinks, I was happy and Reading were winning and I just went for it and had a laugh. It was brilliant.' Asked whether he goes to many Reading matches, he added: 'That was my first game actually. It was a good experience. Obviously being there on the first game - not after what I've done, but standing in the stadium, watching the game from the stadium - it's a brilliant experience. 'Obviously with the ban, I wouldn't be able to experience that experience again.' The incident took place on March 16, when the match was being broadcast live to millions of viewers on BBC One. Afterwards, footage of Sumner's antics also went viral on the internet. Despite facing a potential banning order  Sumner was in good spirits outside Reading Magistrates' Court . Sumner, who went to the match with a group of eight friends, said he spoke to them in a taxi on the way to the match about potentially running on to the pitch. 'I did say no at first. Then Reading were winning and I got a bit excited,' he said. 'I went to rave on Friday and there's another video on Facebook and I'm doing flips there. I've had a few selfies, a few drinks bought for me.' But Sumner, who works as a dry liner fixing ceilings, said he thought a potential football banning order 'seemed a bit much.' After running on to the pitch, Sumner (centre) was tackled by stewards and footage of his antics went viral . 'I don't want a three-year ban because obviously it's quite a bit,' he said. 'I'm not encouraging people do it and if I go to another game, I'm not going to do it again.' At Wednesday's hearing, Sumner's solicitor entered a guilty plea on his client's behalf to one count of going on to a playing area at a football match under the Football Offences Act 1991. Sumner, who was at court but missed his hearing after leaving the building briefly, was released on bail with conditions that he does not attend Reading's home or away matches. He will appear at Reading Magistrates' Court on April 30 when a decision will be made on whether he receives a football banning order. Sumner (centre) said he spoke to friends on the way to the stadium about the stunt and has no regrets .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Charlie Sumner, 20, faces a three-year football ban after his one-man pitch invasion.
Sumner, who said going to his first game was a 'brilliant experience', did four front flips.
Sumner, who said he had no regrets about the incident, is now facing a potential ban.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 714, Total accepted tokens: 714, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A dramatic video has emerged showing the moment a group of men riding on top of a van were sent flying as it swerved around a corner. About half a dozen people were sitting on the roof of the vehicle on a road near the coastal city of Salé, Morocco when it toppled on to one side at high speed. Terrifying footage of the incident was taken from a car following the van, which is understood to have been transporting football fans. Scroll down for video . Terrifying: Footage shows the moment a van carrying football supporters starts weaving from side to side on a busy road . The video shows the moment the packed vehicle starts to swerve from side-to-side on what appears to be a dual carriageway. One of the back doors is left open and the van is seen veering across both lanes of the road. As the driver loses control of the vehicle, it rides up on to its two righthand wheels. Losing control: Video captured by a following motorist shows the van veering across two lanes while travelling at speed . The van can be seen crashing down on to its side sending the men on the roof rack flying . Seconds later, it can be seen crashing down on to its side sending the men on the roof rack flying. The van was travelling at such speeds that it carries on travelling some 50 metres down the carriageway before finally grinding to a halt. The video, which was posted on social media sites, then shows men leaping out and running back up the road. It is not yet clear how many people were hurt in the crash but New York Daily News reports that at least six people were on the roof.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Video shows men on roof of van being sent flying as it swerves around a corner.
Footage captured by a following motorist shows the van veering across two lanes.
The van was travelling at such speeds that it carries on travelling some 50 metres.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 715, Total accepted tokens: 715, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: England have been drawn with the Republic of Ireland, Holland and Italy in Group D of the UEFA Under 17 European Championships, which take place in Bulgaria in May. John Peacock's Young Lions are the defending European champions, having defeated Holland on penalties in last year's final in Malta. And they will have to overcome the Dutch again to advance to the quarter-finals in this tournament, which has been expanded from eight to 16 nations for the first time. John Peacock's England have been drawn with Holland, Italy and Ireland at the European Championships . Danny Collinge runs away in celebration after scoring his first England goal against Norway in qualifying . Scotland, meanwhile, have been placed in Group C alongside Greece, Russia and France. Group A contains hosts Bulgaria, Croatia, Spain and Austria, while Group B has the Czech Republic, Slovenia, Belgium and Germany. The tournament will take place in the east Bulgarian venues of Burgas, Sozopol, Sliven and Stara Zagora between May 6 and 22. England reached the tournament with a 100 per cent record, having seen off Norway, Slovenia and Romania in last week's Elite Qualifying Round.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England have been drawn with the Republic of Ireland, Holland and Italy in Group D.
England are the defending European champions, having defeated Holland on penalties.
England will have to overcome the Dutch again to advance to the quarter-finals.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 716, Total accepted tokens: 716, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: An irritated elephant decided to douse a buffalo bull with cold water when it got a little too close for comfort. The wildlife creature was relaxing in the Kruger National Park in South Africa with its family by a small pool of water when the bull approached  - much to the elephant's annoyance. In a gesture captured on camera, the African elephant squirts the bull with water stored up its trunk to get it to leave, but misses its target. Scroll down for video . The frustrated elephant attempts to squirt water on the bull which has wandered too close for comfort . Its young elephant cozies up to its parent for protection, as the bull drinks from a small pool of water . The large elephant keeps an eye on the bull as they move away, guarding its young which walks in its shadow . Not to be beaten, the huge creature then begins to size up the bull, which is clearly unperturbed by the actions of the elephant and carries on drinking. The amazing images were taken in the historic park, which opened in 1898 to help protect the wildlife of South Africa. According to the Kruger National Park website, the area is home to 147 different types of mammals, 507 birds, 114 reptiles and 34 amphibians. Water drips down from the elephant's trunk, after it attempted to douse the buffalo bull that came too close . Taking a swing: The elephant rounds on the bull, which keeps its head and horns down as it passes .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: African elephant squirts water on buffalo bull that came too close for comfort.
Elephant's young elephant coozes up to its parent for protection.
Elephant guards its young which walks in its shadow.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 717, Total accepted tokens: 717, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Former pub landlord Michael Thorpe has had his conviction for illegally showing foreign footage of Premier League games overturned after eight years . A pub landlord convicted of showing Premier League football matches on foreign TV channels has won an eight-year legal battle to clear his name. Michael Thorpe says he has paid a heavy price for the lengthy fight to get his conviction quashed and has lost his pub as a result. Mr Thorpe, 55, was convicted of showing a Premier League game without having an agreement with official broadcasters in November 2006 at the Stoke Inn in Plymouth, Devon. He said he could not afford to pay Sky TV's rates for football matches, and opted instead to show Albanian transmissions of matches, which he says he thought was legal. But he was convicted, fined and ordered to pay costs eight years ago, when screening the matches was still treated as a criminal offence. Judge Recorder Nicolas Gerasimidis has now upheld his appeal and overturned the conviction following a landmark European court ruling. His appeal took so long as he had to launch the case  after the European Court of Justice found enforcing previous rules was anti-competitive. Mr Thorpe said he was 'overwhelmed' that a judge and magistrates had upheld his appeal after all this time. But it is a bitter-sweet victory, as the long-running dispute cost him his business and his livelihood. He said: 'We put a lot of money into that pub and it went from a thriving business to absolutely zero. People stopped coming to the pub, it cost me my business.' Mr Thorpe launched an appeal against his conviction soon after his trial, but the case was delayed by a similar test case which went as far as the European Court of Justice. The court ruled that having an exclusive system was a restraint of free trade and contrary to European Law. But the landlord says the court action has seen him lose the Stoke Inn in Plymouth which he used to run . Mr Thorpe's appeal was further delayed until another case involving Media Protection Services Ltd, the company which took him to court on behalf of the Premier League, but which no longer does so. Mr Thorpe was awarded his legal costs, which he paid privately, but he would not disclose the sum. The European court decision in 2012 cleared a landlady of a criminal conviction, but judges left the door open for court action against publicans by ruling pubs should get permission from the copyright owner before screening matches. The Premier League has since been taking landlords to civil courts for breaching copyright, with some ordered to pay up to £65,000 in costs. The league sends teams of investigators to pubs around the country to try and catch those screening games illegally. Legal cases have  been brought against 250 bars and pubs during the current football season. He said he does not know whether he can retrieve the £1,000 fine and £1,500 costs ordered by the magistrates. Despite the decision, the Premier League has insisted pubs still cannot show foreign-TV footage of its games. Since the European Court decision, it is taking landlords to civil courts and suing them using copyright laws, which were not affected by the previous ruling. In 2012, pub Karen Murphy landlady won a landmark legal battle to overturn her conviction for using foreign decoders instead of Sky to show Premier League football matches. Ms Murphy, who ran The Red, White and Blue pub in Portsmouth, Hampshire, bought games through a Greek satellite broadcaster Nova for £800 a year instead of Sky, which was then priced at £700-a-month. The Premier League took legal action against her Mrs Murphy and she was fined £8,000 for dishonest reception of a television reception in 2006. But a European Court of Justice ruling said having an exclusive system of TV rights was contrary to EU law and the High Court overturned her conviction. A recent investigation by trade publication, The Morning Advertiser, quoted a pub landlord saying Sky Sports cost him £16,000-a-year, compared to the £300-per-year of screening it illegally. The decision came after Portsmouth landlady Karen Murphy won a European court battle over her conviction. Despite the ruling, the Premier League can still take pub owners to civil courts over breach of copyright .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Michael Thorpe says he has lost his pub as a result of lengthy legal battle.
Thorpe was convicted of showing Premier League games without official broadcaster.
He says he could not afford to pay Sky TV's rates for football matches.
Thorpe says he lost his pub as a result of lengthy legal battle.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 718, Total accepted tokens: 718, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The Irish Football Association is hoping that structural damage at its Windsor Park home in Belfast will not jeopardise the staging of the team's crucial Euro 2016 qualifier against Romania in June. Cracks in the structure of the West Stand were spotted on Tuesday morning and the area was sealed off as structural engineers carried out an assessment of the damage. 'The Irish FA became aware on Tuesday morning of some damage having been caused overnight to the West Stand of the National Football Stadium at Windsor Park,' an IFA spokesman told the Belfast Telegraph. Northern Ireland's Windsor Park suffered overnight damage to its West Stand on Monday night . 'The association is currently awaiting a report from the structural engineers.' Northern Ireland played at Windsor Park on Sunday evening, beating Finland 2-1 in Euro 2016 qualifying to stay second in Group F. The next qualifier for Michael O'Neill's side is against pool leaders Romania on June 13, although club matches are scheduled to be played at Windsor Park before then. Linfield and Crusaders are due to play there in the Irish Premiership on Saturday and the Irish Cup final between Glentoran and Portadown is planned for May 2. Northern Ireland striker Kyle Lafferty of  scored both of their goals in their 2-1 win over Finland on Sunday . Windsor Park is currently undergoing major redevelopment and only the West and North stands, which hold around 4,000 and 6,000 spectators respectively, currently remain with the East and South stands demolished. The project, due to be completed in October in 2015, will increase the capacity of a ground first opened in 1905 from 14,000 to 18,000. More than 10,000 fans saw the Finland game and the IFA said the stadium was assessed as safe before the match kicked off. A general view of Windsor Park during a World Cup qualifier between Northern Ireland and Slovakia in 2009 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Irish Football Association hopes damage at Belfast's Windsor Park will not affect Euro 2016 qualifier.
Cracks spotted in the structure of the West Stand and area sealed off.
Northern Ireland play at the stadium on Sunday evening.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 719, Total accepted tokens: 719, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A football fan is facing a three-year ban after running topless onto a pitch and performing a series of somersaults during his first ever game at the stadium. Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during the team's FA cup quarter final replay with Bradford City last month. The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled by stewards. Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during their quarter final replay with Bradford City last month (pictured) The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time . Sumner - who said going to his first game was a 'brilliant experience - is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. The order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches. Today, Sumner, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said he has no regrets about the incident, saying that he had done it for 'laugh' and that his family had 'seen the funny side'. Speaking outside court, he said: 'After doing it and seeing good comments and messages, even from the away fans, I don't look back and regret it. 'Obviously I wouldn't inform other people to do it. It was just spur of the moment. It's good to see good feedback and not negative feedback. 'I'd had a few drinks, I was happy and Reading were winning and I just went for it and had a laugh. It was brilliant.' Asked whether he goes to many Reading matches, he added: 'That was my first game actually. It was a good experience. Obviously being there on the first game - not after what I've done, but standing in the stadium, watching the game from the stadium - it's a brilliant experience. 'Obviously with the ban, I wouldn't be able to experience that experience again.' Charlie Sumner, pictured outside Reading Magistrates' Court today. He is facing a potential banning order . After running onto the pitch, Sumner was tackled by stewards. The footage of Sumner's antics went viral . The incident took place on March 16, when the match was being broadcast live to millions of viewers on BBC One. Afterwards, footage of Sumner's antics also went viral on the internet. Sumner, who went to the match with a group of eight friends, said he talked with his friends in a taxi on the way to the match about potentially running on to the pitch. 'I did say no at first. Then Reading were winning and I got a bit excited,' he said. 'I went to rave on Friday and there's another video on Facebook and I'm doing flips there. I've had a few selfies, a few drinks bought for me.' Sumner said he spoke to friends on the way to the stadium about carrying out the stunt. He said he had no regrets and that his family had seen 'the funny side' But Sumner, who works as a dry liner fixing ceilings, said he thought a potential football banning order 'seemed a bit much.' 'I don't want a three year ban because obviously it's quite a bit,' he said. 'I'm not encouraging people do it and if I go to another game, I'm not going to do it again.' At today's hearing, Sumner's solicitor entered a guilty plea on his client's behalf to one count of going on to a playing area at a football match under the Football Offences Act 1991. Sumner, who was at court but missed his hearing after leaving the building briefly, was released on bail with conditions that he does not attend Reading's home or away matches. He will appear at Reading Magistrates' Court on April 30 when a decision will be made on whether he receives a football banning order.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Football fan Charlie Sumner faces three-year ban after topless pitch invasion.
Sumner, 20, did four somersaults during his first game at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
Sumner said he had no regrets about the incident, saying he had done it for 'laugh'
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 720, Total accepted tokens: 720, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A mother and her teenage daughter have been arrested after a video of them fighting with a student at a high school was posted online. The pair were caught on camera at Langham Creek High School, in Houston on Tuesday. The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter, reports Channel 2. Scroll down for video . A mother and her teenage daughter have been arrested after a video of them fighting with a student at a high school was posted online. The mom is seen in a black top on the right and the victim is center wearing white . The mother, who has not been identified, was reportedly angry with the girl because she had allegedly been bullying her daughter, reports Channel 2 . The video, which was posted online, but has now been taken down, shows the mother -  wearing jeans and black top - attacking the student along with another girl - presumably her daughter. At one point the student's hair extension is ripped out as she cries out in pain and tries to escape. A circle of students watch the brawl from the sidelines. School security guards and staff manage eventually break up the fight, reports Click2Houston. The video, which was posted online, but has now been taken down, shows the mother - wearing jeans and black top - attacking the student along with another girl - presumably her daughter . A spokesperson for Cypress-Fairbanks Independent School District said the mother bypassed the school's front desk and then joined her daughter in physically assaulting the student . A spokesperson for Cypress-Fairbanks Independent School District said the mother bypassed the school's front desk and then joined her daughter in physically assaulting the student. Assistant school superintendent Nicole Ray told KHOU: 'We are outraged and disappointed by the incident that took place today. 'This type of behavior will not be tolerated.' The Harris County Sheriff's Office and Harris County District Attorney's Office are now investigating. The brawl took place at Langham Creek High School, in Houston on Tuesday (file photo)<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mother, teenage daughter arrested after video of them fighting with student.
Mother reportedly angry with daughter because she had allegedly been bullying her.
Mother, daughter, student were seen in video posted online.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 721, Total accepted tokens: 721, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of Asmir Begovic as the goalkeeper approaches the final year of his contract. The Bosnia international has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium, and although his current deal has just over 12 months to run, Scholes believes they can match the 27-year-old's ambitions. 'Clearly Asmir is a terrific goalkeeper and we are very keen to keep him at the club,' he told The Sentinel. 'I think when you've got extremely good players it is only natural that there will be speculation about their future. Stoke City are hopeful they can keep hold of goalkeeper Asmir Begovic as he enters the final of his contract . Begovic has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium with Stoke . 'These players are also very ambitious and I include Asmir in that. He is a very focused, very talented and very ambitious young man. 'He wants to make sure he can play at the very best levels his abilities will enable him to and to have a very good and successful career in the game. We hope that we can fulfil all of those things at Stoke City.' Begovic's deputy Jack Butland recently extended his contract until 2019 while manager Mark Hughes also agreed new terms on an extension. Scholes said that, and the recruitment which has taken place since they opted to change their manager for the start of last season, highlighted how they were planning for the future. 'If you look at the deals we have done since Mark Hughes arrived then almost without exception they have been good deals and very good footballers,' he said. Liverpool's Glen Johnson sees his shot saved by Stoke goalkeeper Begovic at Anfield previously . Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes is hopeful they can keep hold of  Begovic despite his contract ending . 'It's about making sure you are adding to the quality and improving all of the time, but we have also got a strong eye on making sure that we have got a depth of squad. 'We have to make sure that when we have injuries to the incredible scale we have had this year that the players are able to come in and do a good job - and the players who have come in this season have done an exceptional job. 'You also have to make sure that you are planning for next year and the years beyond. 'Signing Jack Butland to an extended contract is a statement that we are in the Premier League for the long term.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes hopes they can keep hold of Asmir Begovic.
Begovic has regularly been linked with other clubs during his time at the Britannia Stadium.
The 27-year-old has just over 12 months to run his current contract.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 722, Total accepted tokens: 722, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A bus driver who was caught reading a newspaper while driving has been slammed by his boss as a 'complete idiot'. A passenger filmed the driver on a bus in Auckland, New Zealand, and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint. In the footage the driver can be seen flicking through pages of the newspaper while the bus is in motion. Scroll down for video . A bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland, New Zealand . As the bus slows to a stop at a set of traffic lights he moves his head to get a good look at one of the pages. Ritchies Coachlines boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions. 'I am absolutely amazed by how absolutely stupid the guy is. Bloody irresponsible behaviour to the first degree, I can't believe it,' Mr Ritchie told the New Zealand Herald. 'The people on that bus put their trust in him. He wasn't even trying to hide it, he was holding the whole newspaper open, over the steering wheel.' Mr Ritchie said the driver would be disciplined, but would not go into detail. A passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines along with a complaint . Ritchies Coachlines boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Bus driver was caught reading a newspaper while driving in Auckland, New Zealand.
Passenger filmed the driver and sent the video to bus company Ritchies Coachlines.
Ritchies Coachlines boss Andrew Ritchie said he was embarrassed by the 'idiot' driver's actions.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 723, Total accepted tokens: 723, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has confirmed Winston Reid will be fit for Saturday's match with bottom-club Leicester City, but Enner Valencia will not be available. Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by Chelsea on March 4, but the New Zealand defender returned to full training during the international break. Valencia missed West Ham's last two games against Arsenal and Sunderland following a bizarre toe injury suffered at home in mid-March, but Allardyce says he is still not match fit. West Ham centre back Winston Reid (right) tussles with Tottenham's Mousa Dembele in February . 'We've got Winston back in full training,' Allardyce confirmed. 'He'll be available. He's had the last seven days or so back in full training so should be available to go. 'He's a little bit rusty in match practice but he's obviously very important to us. 'I don't think Valencia is going to make it but he's back in some sort of training which is good. Even though he's back in training he's not quite available yet. Enner hasn't made it but Winston has.' Allardyce meets a Leicester team looking to kick start a run for their final eight games as they try to beat the drop from the Barclays Premier League to the Championship. Enner Valencia (left) shields the ball from Everton defender Phil Jagielka at the Boleyn Ground in January . West Ham beat Leicester 2-0 in the reverse fixture in mid-December and Big Sam says manager Nigel Pearson has been getting the performances, but not the results. 'I think overall Nigel must be pulling out his hair,' Allardyce said. 'Why have those performances not given them more results? That's the cruciality (sic) of the Premier League. 'On occasion, his team have been in the ascendancy. They have not taken advantage of it by not scoring or converting chances. They've paid the ultimate price in the end. That's this level for you.' West Ham boss Sam Allardyce feels Nigel Pearson (above) has received unfair criticism in recent months . Allardyce feels Pearson has received unfair criticism recently after a series of controversies, including grabbing Crystal Palace's James McArthur by the throat during a match and losing his cool at a reporter during a press conference. 'He's his own man. He has his own methods and believes in not only himself but what he's doing,' Allardyce added. 'Occasionally we all get under pressure. We may make odd comments or the odd mistake but we're human beings like Everybody else. 'He's doing an unbelievable job, not just at Leicester but as a manager.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: West Ham manager Sam Allardyce confirms Winston Reid will be fit for Saturday's match.
Reid has been out of action since injuring his hamstring in a 1-0 defeat by Chelsea on March 4.
Valencia missed West Ham's last two games against Arsenal and Sunderland following a toe injury.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 724, Total accepted tokens: 724, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Lucas (left) and Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard during Sunday's All-Star charity game at Anfield . Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva is looking to recapture what he considers his best form in two years after recovering from injury. The Brazil international enjoyed a run of 16 starts in 19 matches from late November - which coincided with a marked improvement in the team's results - until a groin problem in February's Merseyside derby saw him miss 10 games. He was an unused substitute in the defeat by Manchester United immediately before the international break, their first in the league since mid-December, but played 90 minutes in Sunday's All-Star Charity game at Anfield. Lucas's return to fitness could not have come at a more opportune moment, with captain Steven Gerrard suspended for three matches for his sending off against United, and the Brazilian is hoping to slot back in seamlessly after injury halted what was turning into a good season personally. 'I was in a very good moment, probably the best moment in the last couple of years, and I had a good run of games,' he said. 'The beginning of the season wasn't good for me because I couldn't play much, but as soon as I got back in the team I think I helped a lot. 'I don't know if Stevie's suspension will change things because the team were playing well, but I need to be ready and there are a lot of games to play and the FA Cup as well, so everyone will be needed. 'I need to be ready and if I get a chance again I need to be at the same level I was before I was injured.' Lucas attempts to spoil Luis's Suarez's return to Anfield with a tackle in the charity match . Fifth-placed Liverpool head to Arsenal on Saturday knowing they cannot realistically afford to lose if they are to keep pace with the top four, but in addition to Gerrard's absence they will also be missing centre-back Martin Skrtel, a virtual ever-present this season, after he was retrospectively banned for standing on United goalkeeper David de Gea. 'Martin is having a fantastic season again. He has been a very consistent player for us and losing him and Stevie is hard to take, but if you want to be successful you can't rely on one or two players,' Lucas told liverpoolfc.com. 'Both are very important players for us as one can change a game and the other gives us stability at the back, but we have other players as well who can step in. 'It's always been the case for the group that if someone gets injured then someone will step in and do the job. 'That's how it should be and we shouldn't be afraid we don't have them. 'Of course it's going to be a big miss not having Stevie and Skrts, but we have to show we can cope for the three games and then we have them back ready to go again.' Lucas's spoiling in midfield helped Liverpool go on an impressive run before Christmas . The Brazilian is aiming to take advantage of Gerrard's absence in he next three games . Lucas rejected the chance to have some time off during the international break in order to make sure he was fully fit for the resumption of the Premier League. 'I feel great. Leading up to the Manchester United game I had a full week of training as well, so it's been two weeks of full training,' he said. 'I was available for the Manchester United game, but probably wasn't able to play the whole game. Now I feel 100 per cent. 'Of course it's good to have a few days off, but I was away in Brazil while I was having my treatment so it was the right decision to stay here and keep working during the international break. 'If you get too many days off you don't get the sharpness and the rhythm of the training session and that's what I was missing. 'I spoke with the staff and they prepared everything for me as well to make me feel as though I'm in good condition, so it's looking good and hopefully it will only get better. 'Now it's just a question of getting some minutes and training sessions, so that's what I need and what I'm having. 'Leading into the Arsenal game that's going to be good, because I will have had three full weeks of training and I'm looking forward to it.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Liverpool midfielder Lucas Leiva looks to recapture his best form in two years.
Leiva was injured in February and missed 10 games before returning to fitness.
Liverpool head to Arsenal on Saturday knowing they cannot realistically afford to lose.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 725, Total accepted tokens: 725, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sick of awkward father-daughter portraits? Well one photographer has found an effective - if a little odd - way of making them more interesting. Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers pictured next to their fathers leaping into the air. In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father pulls a dramatic pose. A series of images by photographer Yûki Aoyama sees fathers leaping into the air next to their daughters . The images are from the 37-year-old's latest book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man. According to the  photographer's website the images allow the father who usually has to act serious to express his fun side by being 'a hero jumping the sky, enfold(ing) strong excitement and hope.' Salary man may refer to the choice of clothing in the shoot which sees each dad in a sharply dressed suit. The images see the fathers pull energetic poses despite their age with some of the expressions of the older fathers looking slightly pained. Very little else is known about the pictures or why they have come into existence but they are already drumming up plenty of interest online for their curious nature. The 37-year-old's images are said to be part of a book which roughly translates as Daughter and Salaryman . Each image sees the daughter stood po-faced as their father makes an energetic leap . Some of the older fathers adopt a pained expression as they make their jump . Each photograph sees the daughter wearing casual clothing with her father in a sharp suit . The pictures see the families pose in front of various Japanese landmarks . Very little is known about the set of photos but they are already drumming up plenty of interest online . Some of the jumps are more subtle than others with this father opting for a classic jump . This young girl can't help but giggle at her dad's ambitious leap . This dapper dad adds a peace gesture into his final pose . This father can't help but jump for joy in his portrait .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Japanese photographer Yûki Aoyama's latest series of images capture po-faced teenagers.
In each picture the daughter looks directly into the camera smiling while her father leaps.
The images are from the 37-year-old's latest book which roughly translates into Daughter and Salary Man.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 726, Total accepted tokens: 726, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Police are hunting a man aged between 50 and 60 suspected of robbing a bank in broad daylight and running off with £3,000 in cash. The robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff, police said. Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing. Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 50 to 60, 5ft 9in to 6ft and was wearing black clothing . The white male suspect, who has greying black hair and wore glasses, was captured on camera inside the bank. Detectives said no one was injured during the robbery and they were 'confident' the public would be able to identify the suspect. Detective Sergeant Andy Miles, from Fairwater CID, said: 'Inquiries are continuing to identify the culprit. The CCTV is clear and I am confident that members of the public will know his identity. 'I can confirm there have been no reports of any injuries as a result of the incident. 'While incidents of this nature are rare in South Wales, when they do occur we will investigate them thoroughly to trace whoever is responsible. The robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch (pictured) in Fairwater, Cardiff, police said . 'An investigation is continuing to establish what took place and we are appealing for the public's help to identify the man and for any other information that may assist our inquiries.' A spokeswoman for South Wales Police said: 'The amount stolen is somewhere in the region of £3,000. 'At this stage we do not know if he was armed, but we do know that he was seen as a clear threat when the incident took place.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police are hunting a man aged between 50 and 60 suspected of robbing a bank.
The robbery took place at 12.30pm at a Lloyds Bank branch in Fairwater, Cardiff.
Detectives have issued CCTV images of the suspect, who is 5ft 9in to 6ft.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 727, Total accepted tokens: 727, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The Court of Arbitration for Sport has lifted Morocco's ban from the next two editions of the African Cup of Nations that was imposed by the Confederation of African Football. The North-African nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments and was fined $1 million by the CAF. The CAF also demanded a further $9 million in compensation, after the country pulled out because of fears related to the Ebola epidemic. Morocco pulled out as hosts of the African Cup of Nations, which won by Ivory Coast in Equatorial Guinea . Morocco can now compete in the next two African Cup of Nations after the initial ban was imposed . Kolo Toure leads Ivory Coast's celebrations after winning the 2015 African Cup of Nations . CAS said that the sanctions have been set aside, 'with the exception of the fine, which is however reduced to $50,000.' Morocco was disqualified from this year's tournament after withdrawing as host just two months before the start of the competition. Their national federation cited health risks from fans travelling from Ebola-affected regions. It asked for a delay but CAF refused and the tournament was moved to Equatorial Guinea.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Morocco lifted from next two editions of the African Cup of Nations.
North-African nation was expelled from the 2017 and 2019 tournaments.
Morocco pulled out as hosts of the African Cup of Nations.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 728, Total accepted tokens: 728, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Andros Townsend enjoyed silencing the critics with his wonder strike for England, saying naysayers like Paul Merson provided the perfect motivation for him in Italy. This has been a topsy-turvy season for the 23-year-old, who has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene. Three Lions manager Roy Hodgson has, however, kept faith with the Tottenham winger - belief he paid back in quite exceptional fashion at the Juventus Stadium. Andros Townsend scores England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night . Townsend celebrates his strike with Tottenham Hotspur team-mates Ryan Mason (left) and Kyle Walker .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England's Andros Townsend scores equaliser in 1-1 friendly draw with Italy.
Townsend says he was motivated by Paul Merson's criticism.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he believes Townsend has paid back his debt.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 729, Total accepted tokens: 729, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid. The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday where the legal team representing Wanda Madrid Investment signed off on the purchase of 726,707 shares for €45million (£32.8m). The deal was initially announced in January but two EGMs were needed in order to ratify the deal. Wanda Group chairman Wang Jianlin hopes to grow Atletico's brand in Asia . Atletico Madrid manager Diego Simeone speaks to the media . Wang Jianlin, Chairman of Wanda Group, said: ‘Wanda Group is delighted with the possibility of contributing to the growth of Atletico Madrid and the development of its brand in Asia, as well as being able to rely on their extraordinary experience in the training area, which no doubt will be very useful in the growth of base football in China.’ Meanwhile, Miguel Angel Gil Marin, CEO, added: ‘It's a very important step for the club in their effort to build a global leading brand, which will help us maintain the sporting competitiveness of the past years and consolidate among the first clubs of football in the world.’<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Chinese property conglomerate Dalian Wanda Group have formalised their purchase of 20 per cent of Spanish champions Atletico Madrid.
The purchase was formalised at an Extraordinary General Meeting on Tuesday.
Wanda Group chairman Wang Jianlin hopes to grow Atletico's brand in Asia.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 730, Total accepted tokens: 730, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Antonio Conte insisted his return to Turin for Italy's 1-1 draw against England prompted 'very fond memories', despite reports he received death threats in the days leading up to the friendly. Former Juventus manager Conte replaced Cesare Prandelli as Italy boss in August after the Azzurri's World Cup group-stage exit last summer, but his first seven months in charge of the national team have been topsy-turvy. Italy required a late goal from Eder to rescue a 2-2 draw against Bulgaria last Saturday and Conte reportedly received death threats from Juventus fans after Claudio Marchisio suffered a knee injury on the eve of the Euro 2016 qualifier. Antonio Conte insisted his return to Turin prompted 'fond memories', despite reports he received death threats . Conte guided Juventus to three Serie A titles during his time as manager but became Italy boss in August . Conte, who guided the Turin giants to three Serie A titles before taking over as Italy boss in August, was back at Juventus Stadium for Tuesday night's friendly with England and admitted the occasion had been emotional. 'I have been quite emotional over the last few days, including at training yesterday, and being back here brought back some very fond memories,' he told the Italian Football Federation website. Graziano Pelle's first-half strike looked like being enough to earn Italy victory, but Andros Townsend's long-range effort 11 minutes from time secured England a share of the spoils. Conte (left) gestures after England striker Harry Kane was involved in a clash with Italy's Giorgio Chiellini . The Italy manager, who admitted it had been an 'emotional' week for him, enjoyed his team's 1-1 draw . Conte was disappointed Italy could not hold on to their lead, but was encouraged by their play as they stretched their unbeaten run to eight games. 'It's a shame (to concede the equaliser) because we had a lot of chances against a good England team,' he added. Graziano Pelle celebrates scoring the opening goal for Italy on Tuesday night at the Juventus Stadium . Andros Townsend fired in a brilliant goal from 25 yards to level the scores for England in the friendly match . 'Nevertheless, I'm pleased because I got answers from all the players, both the ones that played the full 90 minutes and others, such as (Mirko) Valdifiori, who played only 60. 'We still need to continue to work hard in order to allow the players to develop and be ready at international level. We need them to gain confidence for them to get even better.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Antonio Conte insists his return to Turin for Italy's 1-1 draw against England prompted 'very fond memories'
Conte guided Juventus to three Serie A titles during his time as manager.
England striker Harry Kane was involved in a clash with Italy's Giorgio Chiellini.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 731, Total accepted tokens: 731, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ian Murray reckons a supposedly easier run-in can swing second place Hibs' way ahead of Rangers in the last month of the Championship season. His Dumbarton side have faced both of his former teams in the league this term and will do so once again  in the final weeks of the campaign. But while Stuart McCall's men have the momentum at present - beating Hibs and Cowdenbeath while Alan Stubbs' men also lost to Raith - Murray wouldn't be surprised to see the balance of power swing back towards Easter Road before long. Dumbarton boss Ian Murray believes that Rangers will struggle to maintain their pace through the run-in . Rangers - currently level on points but having played a game less - still have two matches to play against title winners Hearts, including Sunday's match at Ibrox, while the Leith side take on their city rivals just once more. HIBS: April 4 Queen of the South (h); April 8 Dumbarton (a); April 12 Hearts (h); April 22 Livingston (a); April 25 Alloa (h); May 2 Falkirk (a) RANGERS: April 5 Hearts (h); April 9 Queen of the South (a); April 12 Raith (h); April 15 Livingston (a); April 18 Dumbarton (a); April 25 Falkirk (h); May 2 Hearts (a) 'Rangers got a good result against Cowdenbeath last Saturday to keep themselves in contention and I think it's going to be close but I still believe Hibs have the easier run-in,' said Murray. 'They do have tough games as well including one against Hearts and if they're serious about finishing second, they need to beat the likes of ourselves and Queen of the South at Easter Road this Saturday. 'The derby will take care of itself. I think it's going to be really tight and I can't see either side going through the rest of the season undefeated. Both will drop points. 'But the fact Rangers play Hearts twice and one of those games is on the final day of the season doesn't help them. With Hearts getting the trophy at Tynecastle after that match, it doesn't do them any favours as that's a game Rangers might need to win. 'Hibs were favourites to finish second for a while after they beat Rangers 4-0 at Easter Road then 2-0 at Ibrox and because of the lack of form Rangers were showing. Both wins were comfortable and suggested Hibs had overtaken Rangers. Although they've been pegged back since, I still think Hibs are slightly ahead.' Rangers' attacking midfielder Haris Vuckic, on loan from Newcastle, scores against Cowdenbeath at Irbox . The team finishing second face a potential four games to get back into the top flight, while the third team have a potential six. Murray's Dumbarton team are virtually assured of a place in next year's second tier thanks to a 14-point lead over second-bottom Cowdenbeath and could become mathematically safe this weekend after they play Jimmy Nicholl's strugglers on Saturday. But the 34-year-old is adamant his side will still have plenty to play for as they look to have a say in who goes up and down. Murray added: 'We'll play Cowdenbeath and Alloa which is obviously huge for them at the bottom of the table. 'We still have to go to Queens and we've got Rangers and Hibs at home so we've got games that are meaningful for others. 'There's no pressure on us at all now so we can go out and play with a bit more freedom and be a bit more relaxed than normal. 'But it won't be a case of us not turning up. We want to get as big a gap as we can between ourselves and the relegation places.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ian Murray reckons Rangers will struggle to maintain pace through the run-in.
Rangers currently level on points with title winners Hearts but have played a game less.
Hibs are currently second in the table and have a tougher run-in than Rangers.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 732, Total accepted tokens: 732, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet took the time to pose for pictures with pilots in an aeroplane cockpit as he returned to England after serving on international duty with Belgium in Euro 2016 qualifiers against Cyprus and Israel. Although Mignolet was included in Marc Wilmots' match-day squads for both games, he was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps in either, with Chelsea stopper Thibaut Courtois preferred instead. Mignolet posted the pictures of himself in the cockpit on his official Facebook account on Wednesday. Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet (centre) poses with pilots as he returns home from international duty . Mignolet had been with the Belgium squad for their Euro 2016 qualifying games against Cyprus and Israel . Mignolet shares the view from the cockpit window as he returns to England in time to face Arsenal . The 27-year-old is back in England ahead of Liverpool's crucial Premier League game with top-four rivals Arsenal at the Emirates  on Saturday. Mignolet, who recovered from some shaky form at the start of the season, has become a key player in the Reds' renaissance since the turn of the year. He recently revealed in an interview how he feels his mental strength helped him cope through the rough patch. Speaking about his exile from the first-team early in the campaign, he told FourFourTwo: 'I was positive. Every goalkeeper goes through those stages, and you only get mentally stronger from them. Because we play so many games, I just looked forward to the next match. Mignolet has recovered from an early season dip in form to play a key role in Liverpool's rise up the table . 'I always wanted to keep improving and moving forward. I'm in my second year now at Liverpool and I've learned a lot. 'There's always something to work on. I've just turned 27 but I still pick up things every day. That helps get through difficult moments.' Mignolet has been in impressive form since his return to the Liverpool side and has kept six consecutive Premier League clean sheets away from home. Mignolet has kept six clean sheets in his last six consecutive away Premier League games .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet poses for pictures with pilots in an aeroplane cockpit.
The 27-year-old was included in Marc Wilmots' match-day squads for both games.
Mignolet was denied the chance to add to his 14 international caps in either.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 733, Total accepted tokens: 733, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Two college campus police officers in Dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students and arresting one after first hitting him. The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last Wednesday. The officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus outside the downtown Dallas campus. Scroll down for video . Two college campus police officers in Dallas have been placed on administrative leave after shocking video footage surfaced of them harassing a group of four students and arresting one after first hitting him . The footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall, while one of the two campus cops searched, questioned, and even hit one of the teens. The school reportedly won't say why the teens were stopped and frisked, but Adams said he believes the officers totally overreacted. 'Instead of asking them to move along like she should have, she told them to put their hands against the wall, and that's where the video picks up,' Adams told WFAA. 'I was horrified the way she was treating these kids as criminals for nothing.' His cell phone video, which surfaced on You Tube, shows one of the students being slapped by an officer before she handcuffs him. 'I've got a lot of stuff on my belt I could use on you this afternoon. I guarantee you I will be glad to use it,' she is heard saying to another of the group. The school reportedly won't say why the teens were stopped and frisked, but the student will filmed the incident has said he believes the officers totally overreacted . She also asked them if they had any dope on them and then proceeds to search their pockets and grab at their clothes. El Centro College President Jose Adames has said a full investigation is underway. 'In this case we decided to do a thorough investigation, and place two officers on leave because of the interactions we saw in the video,' he told CBS DFW. The college has said it is seeking an opinion from the Texas attorney general and isn't releasing the police report because the subjects in the incident are minors. The school has 10,000 students and is part of the Dallas County Community College District. The incident occurred at El Centro College and was captured on cell phone by student Charles Adams, who was smoking a cigarette when he witnessed the abuse at first hand last Wednesday .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: College campus police officers placed on administrative leave.
Officers approached the high school students while they were waiting for a bus.
Footage shows the young men being ordered to face a brick wall.
One of the officers hit one of the teens.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.89
Total generated tokens: 734, Total accepted tokens: 734, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Kilmarnock interim manager Gary Locke has been given the role on a permanent basis after signing a three-year deal. The former Hearts boss joined the club as assistant boss to Allan Johnston last summer but took control of the team when his ex-Tynecastle team-mate quit at the start of February. The 39-year-old - who will speak at a press conference on Friday morning - has lost just once in seven games since taking over at Rugby Park. Gary Locke has been given the job at Kilmarnock on a permanent basis after a successful interim spell . Locke shakes hands with chairman Jim Mann after signing a three-year deal at the club .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kilmarnock interim manager Gary Locke signs a three-year deal with the club.
The 39-year-old former Hearts boss will speak at a press conference on Friday.
Locke has lost just once in seven games since taking over at Rugby Park.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.89
Total generated tokens: 735, Total accepted tokens: 735, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: One of the biggest fixtures on the German footballing calendar takes place this weekend, although some of the usual gloss has been taken off a game recently baptised Der Klassiker. Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich have shared the last five Bundesliga titles between them and Bayern are set to continue their domestic domination this term. This time, however, the two giant antagonists of the German game meet with 31 points and nine positions separating them in the standings, but that does not mean the stakes are not as high as they always are when these two clubs meet. Jurgen Klopp (centre) celebrates with his Borussia Dortmund players after their victory against Hannover . Dortmund are now only five points from the top six having climbed their way from the foot of the table at the midway stage of the season to 10th, although their coach Jurgen Klopp insists their league position after the Klassiker is not his biggest concern. 'We've got to try to beat Bayern and where that can take us in the league is secondary,' Klopp said. 'Although we're 10th, and although there's a huge points gap between us, and although a lot is different compared to the past, it's still a Borussia Dortmund home game. 'I don't recall us gifting any of these games in the past. Dortmund's Jakub Blaszczykowski (right) challenges Hannover centre back Christian Schulz . 'Gladbach have shown us how it's done. Wolfsburg have also beaten them, but it's not all that easy.' Victory would nevertheless be important for Dortmund if they are to close the gap on the top six and qualify for Europe next season, while a second consecutive defeat for Bayern is almost unheard of and it would allow Wolfsburg to reduce the deficit at the top to seven points. The Wolves host bottom-placed Stuttgart on Saturday while third-placed Borussia Monchengladbach can strengthen their grip on a place in the Champions League with a win at Hoffenheim. The battle at the bottom of the table is intensifying with all of the bottom eight sides separated by just seven points and still in danger. Xabi Alonso cuts a cool figure during Bayern Munich's training session on Thursday . Hamburg reacted to their slide into the bottom three by appointing Peter Knabel as their new coach during the international break and his first game is a daunting trip to fourth-placed Bayer Leverkusen. The northern Germany side therefore risk coming out the other side of the weekend inside the bottom two with Paderborn travelling to Hertha Berlin on Sunday. Freiburg and Cologne are also involved in that scrap and they meet on Saturday with Mainz travelling to Werder Bremen. Elsewhere, Augsburg host Schalke on Sunday and Eintracht Frankfurt welcome Hannover and their under-fire coach Tayfun Korkut to the Waldstadion.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich meet in the Bundesliga on Saturday.
The two giants are separated by nine points in the standings and have shared the last five titles.
Bayern are set to continue their domestic domination this term.
The two sides met in the Bundesliga last season and Dortmund won 1-0.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.89
Total generated tokens: 736, Total accepted tokens: 736, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A schoolgirl was left stranded at a busy airport after easyJet refused to let her board its plane - because she was carrying two pieces of hand luggage. Deva Joseph, 14, was reduced to tears at London Stansted airport after being told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain. The teenager offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted - even though she is too young to have one. A schoolgirl was left stranded at a busy airport after easyJet refused to let her board its plane - because she was carrying two pieces of hand luggage (file picture) She even offered to leave the bag at the airport as she begged to board the 7am flight to Bilbao. But the teen, who goes to school in east London and lives with a relative during term time, said her pleas fell on deaf ears. The Daily Mirror quotes her as saying: 'I was sat on the floor crying. I just wanted to get home, but they didn’t care. I was desperate, I was pleading.' 'My phone wasn’t working and I was all alone. It was only thanks to a lovely couple that I could ring my dad.' Deva Joseph, 14, was left in floods of tears at London Stansted airport (pictured) after being told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain . She initially ran into problems when she was unable to squeeze her handbag into her suitcase. The plane left without her and she had to rearrange her plans to fly home the next day. Deva's father Stefan Joseph, of Santander, northern Spain, described easyJet as 'a disgrace'. The Daily Mirror reports that the airline has since apologised adding: 'Whilst our policy is not to take cash at the gate, we should have made an exception.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Schoolgirl left stranded at London Stansted airport after easyJet refused to let her board plane.
Teenage girl was told she would not be allowed to take her flight home to Spain.
She offered to pay for the second item to be put in the hold but was told only credit cards would be accepted.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.89
Total generated tokens: 737, Total accepted tokens: 737, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Gordon Robson, 26, killed grandfather John Potts, 45, with a single punch to the back of the head that was so hard it made an 'audible crack' A thug who was drunk after his grandfather's funeral killed a devoted father with a single punch after he stepped in to break up a fight outside a sports bar. Newcastle Crown Court heard that Gordon Robson, 26, hit father John Potts, 45, in the back of the head so hard there was an 'audible crack' before he fell down dead. Robson, who has a history of violent offending, was jailed for just three and a half years for the attack outside the NE38 Sports Bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear, in November last year. The court was told that Robson had been drinking at the bar after being a pallbearer at his grandfather's funeral before getting into an argument with a friend of Mr Potts. Fighting broke out after the bar closed, and Mr Potts, a father-of-six and grandfather-of-one who was described by his sister as 'a big softie', stepped in to stop it. Prosecutor Nick Dry told the court: 'At this point the defendant punched Mr Potts, who had been trying to calm matters down and was actually facing the other way when the blow was struck. 'The punch made a loud crack, witnesses turned to see him falling to the ground, making no attempt to break his fall.' The court heard despite intervention from the emergency services, Mr Potts could not be saved. Mr Dry added: 'Mr Potts had been minding his own business. He was an innocent bystander who sought only to calm the situation down.' Mr Potts' widow Sarah said  his death had a 'devastating impact' on the family. She said Mr Potts' stepchildren and eight-year-old daughter, Emma, now fear their family won't come back whenever they leave the house. Mr Dry added: 'She said he was a father who never judged her, he was just her dad and hero.' Mr Potts' sisters said in their statements the 'life and soul has been ripped from their family' and described their brother as a 'big softie'. Mr Potts' brother George said he wakes every Sunday at 5.30am, the time he was informed of his siblings death, and feels life has been changed forever. Robson had been drinking at the NE38 Sports Bar in Washington, Tyne and Wear, after his grandfather's funeral when fighting broke out. Mr Potts, described as a 'big softie', was killed when he tried to intervene . Judge Paul Sloan QC jailed Robson, of Waskerley Way, Washington, Tyne and Wear, who admitted manslaughter, to three-and-a-half years behind bars. The judge told Robson: 'Mr Potts was trying to calm the situation. He was acting as a peacemaker. 'It is clear Mr Potts was a devoted father and step-father. It is also clear his death has had a profound effect upon his family. 'No sentence imposed upon you could ever serve to ease the pain of Mr Potts' family. 'I accept you are genuinely remorseful and I accept you will carry the guilt with you for the rest of your life for what you did that night.' Robson accepted he 'misinterpreted' Mr Robson's actions that night, when his already emotional state had been heightened by alcohol, and realises now he should not have hit him. Bob Spragg, defending, said Robson, who has a history of violent offending dating back to when he was just 14, had turned his life around after his last prison sentence . He added that Robson had also found himself a partner who is about to give birth. Mr Spragg said: 'Absolutely no blame attaches to Mr Potts for anything that happened to him. 'Once the defendant has served his sentence he will return to being a law abiding citizen but will have to live with what he has done for the rest of his life.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Gordon Robson, 26, killed grandfather John Potts, 45, with a single punch.
Robson, who has a history of violent offending, was jailed for just three years.
Robson was drinking at the bar after being a pallbearer at his grandfather's funeral.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.89
Total generated tokens: 738, Total accepted tokens: 738, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Scoring against your old team, and executing a perfect set-piece from the training ground are two of the most satisfying things in football. For Notts County star Ellen White, Thursday night was a night to remember as she managed both at the same time against Arsenal in the Women's Super League. In the 26th minute, with County having been awarded a free kick on the edge of the box, Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood appeared to mess things up, the former almost running into the latter. Laura Bassett and Alex Greenwood almost run into each other, causing confusion at the free kick . Ellen White spins on the edge of the box and fires the free kick into the corner against her former club . As the Arsenal defence relaxed, the ball was shifted for White, who span and smashed it into the corner against the club where she spent three seasons. 'Thankfully it came off,' White told BBC Radio Nottingham. 'But now we can never do it again, which is a little annoying.' 'We have been working on things a little bit differently in pre-season. I'm pleased it went in because I've skied it over the bar and it has gone wide, but thankfully that one went in.' However, White also missed a penalty which would have made it 2-0, before Arsenal hit back to equalise late on and rescue a point. Arsenal equalised five minutes from time when Chioma Ubogagu netted a debut goal to earn a point .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ellen White scores twice as Notts County beat Arsenal 2-1 in Women's Super League.
White scores twice as County beat Arsenal 2-1 in Women's Super League.
White scores twice as County beat Arsenal 2-1 in Women's Super League.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.89
Total generated tokens: 739, Total accepted tokens: 739, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: These are the amazing scenes as high school girls in China are put through their paces with military-style dagger drills. Each of the girls shout the words 'kill, stab, slash and jab' as they perform each of the eight set movements involved in the high-intensity knife-fighting session. According to the People's Daily Online, the girls of the 27th March Huizhou Integrated High School are being trained by former special forces solider Inspector Tan. The 68 girls involved in the training are all aged between 16 and 18, however in a concession to safety, the knives are not real. School official Huang Anruo said: 'The daggers are fake. The school purchased them in bulk and they pose no danger to students.' Every female student undergoes some form of self-defence training. According to Instructor Tan: 'If faced with real danger our female students can use any sharp object to hand to handle the attacker. Chopsticks and forks for instance.' The girls aged between 16 and 18 are receiving intensive instruction in how to use a knife form a former special forces solider . The knives each have retractable blades to prevent injury, but the girls are being taught techniques which could save their lives . The first 68 of the girls underwent their five-day training session with Instructor Tan at the 27th March Huizhou Integrated High School . Every female student at the school will undergo some form of self-defence training to assist them in identifying dangerous situations . Instructor Tan said the girls, once trained, will be able to use any sharp implement to defend themselves in future including chopsticks . The school has purchased 250 of the knives, which have a plastic retractable blade and according to officials are entirely safe . The girls are all shown a series of eight moves which will enable them to defend themselves against a determined attacker . The girls are all encourage to shout 'kill, stab, slash and jab' while they work their way through the various self-defence movements . The training, which takes five days, is proving incredibly popular with the girls who learn the latest self-defence techniques .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Girls of 27th March Huizhou Integrated High School are being trained by former special forces solider Inspector Tan.
The 68 girls involved in the training are all aged between 16 and 18.
The knives are fake and pose no danger to students.
Thput (tok/s): 34.02 +/- 0.89
Total generated tokens: 740, Total accepted tokens: 740, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: We spend a third of our lives asleep, but most of us don't pay attention to what our mind and body actually need during these resting hours in order to feel refreshed every day. The Sleep Health Foundation have released a study reporting that 30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis. According to Chair Professor David Hillman, those misplaced hours of sleep must be paid back in order to be functional for the entire week. A study has outlined that 30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis . The average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine . The average amount of sleep for an adult is around eight hours, with a range of seven to nine, the ABC have reported. Any less than six hours or any more than 10 hours is unusual for the standard person. Professor Hillman added that our sleep pattern is influenced by how much we are willing to compromise from the work week. 'A lot of us pay back a bit of that debt on the weekend but I think it's possible to exist in a sort of tolerable, sleep-restricted state,' he said. 'In other words you're not optimal, but you're still functional.' Pushing these sleep-debt boundaries can lead to micro sleeps in certain people. Therefore, the hours must be paid back to avoid an error rate in alertness tasks. Any less than six or any more than ten hours is unusual for the standard person . If power napping, it is important to get no more than 20 minutes or inertia will set in . In relation to a sleep schedule, Professor Hillman said the eight hours per night does not necessarily need to be consecutive. 'Interestingly enough, your slow wave sleep, is in the first four hours,' he said. 'Most adults, the most convenient way our particular society is organised is to have your eight hours in a continuous block overnight but that's not a necessary thing.' If choosing to break up your eight hours of sleep, napping throughout the day is the answer. Professor Hillman advises 20 minute power naps to avoid falling into deep sleep and suffering from inertia which makes you feel temporarily worse off. 'The longer naps, you get the sleep inertia but ultimately once you've got up, they sustain you better,' he said. Professor Hillman has also advised that if you are waking up tired and fatigued it could be due to sleep apnoea which is often associated with snoring.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: 30 percent of Australians complain about their lack of sleep on a daily basis.
The average adult needs around eight hours of sleep per night with a range of seven to nine.
Pushing sleep-debt boundaries can lead to micro sleeps in certain people.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.89
Total generated tokens: 741, Total accepted tokens: 741, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Footage has surfaced of a  quarrel between neighbours in a Perth suburb that ended in a bloody confrontation with a crowbar. The clip, uploaded to Facebook today, show an angry woman unleashing a racist tirade over her fence at a group of men who appear to be of African descent. The woman then appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a metal crowbar, verbally abusing the men and swinging the weapon at them. The men then pick up their own weapons and a scuffle breaks out. The angry woman turns up in her neighbour's front yard, verbally abusing the men and swinging a crowbar at him . 'I don't deal with monkeys, go on now you f*****g monkeys. Look at these f*****g pigs, jungle ******* you are,' the woman can be heard calling over her fence . The racial abuse intensifies when the woman appears in the yard, threatening a group of men with the crowbar in hand. 'Touch me and ya gutted, you yellow eyed mother f*****r, now get back to where you came from you black f*****s, get out of this place, nobody wants you and that f*****g monkey,' she says as the men scramble to pick up their own weapons. The men swoop on the lady and attempt to pull the crowbar out of her hands, sending her sprawling onto the ground. The men swoop on the lady and attempt to pull the crowbar out of her hands, sending her sprawling onto the ground . The woman implores a man  poking his head over the fence to interject. After a second tussle,she  appears to be struck in the forehead, with blood visibly pouring down her face. 'Right that's it, you hit me, you're f****d,' she screams at the men while backing down the driveway. After a second tussle, the woman appears to be struck in the face, with blood visibly pouring over hey eye as she continues to threaten the men: 'Right that's it, you hit me, you're f***ed,' she screams . The video is captioned: 'Someone asked me how was my weekend ... this is what happens with my neighbour. Please, the government should do something about this behaviour.' The two clips have been viewed over 85,000 times since being uploaded today. It is unknown what caused the triggered the violent dispute.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Woman verbally abuses men and brandishes a metal crowbar.
Men pick up their own weapons and a scuffle breaks out.
Woman appears in her neighbour's front yard brandishing a crowbar.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.89
Total generated tokens: 742, Total accepted tokens: 742, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after a man allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun. In a scene worthy of a Stan Lee comic, a man allegedly pulled a gun on two teenagers in Salem telling them, 'get ready to die.' Just then, a stranger  on a green motorcycle swooped in and used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, allowing the teens to escape. Mystery: Police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist who saved the day after Edward West, 59 (photographed) allegedly threatened two teens with a handgun . Police say the two 17-year-old boys were crossing Center Street when Edward West, 59, yelled for them to get out of the road, Oregon Live reports . The boys yelled back and West pulled in to a nearby parking lot to confront them. The three argued with West pushing the boys and eventually slapping one. The boys attempted to leave the area, the Statesman Journal reports, that's when West retrieved the small, black handgun from his truck and pointed it at the boys. Argued: The three argued in a parking lot (photographed) with West pushing the boys and eventually slapping one . The mystery rider saw the altercation and intervened just in the nick of time before riding away. The boys say they didn't get a good look at the rider, but the Marion County Sheriff's office is asking the public to help identify the friendly neighborhood motorcyclist. West was arrested and charged with menacing, harassment, assault, and unlawful use of a weapon, the Journal reports. He has been booked at the Marion County jail and is set to appear in court on April 9. Mystery Rider: The boys say they didn't get a good look at the rider, but the Marion County Sheriff's office is asking the public to help identify the friendly neighborhood motorcyclist (stock image)<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police in Oregon are enlisting the help of the public to identify a mystery motorcyclist.
The motorcyclist saved two teens from a man who threatened them with a handgun.
The motorcyclist used his helmet to knock the gun out of the man's hands, police say.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 743, Total accepted tokens: 743, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tim Sherwood has urged Ron Vlaar to prove himself again as the Aston Villa skipper prepares for his return. Sherwood wants to see the fit-again defender help struggling Villa to a grandstand finish and warned him people may have forgotten his World Cup heroics. Vlaar starred in Holland's run to the semi finals in Brazil last year - despite missing a penalty in the last four shoot-out against Argentina - leading to links with Manchester United. Aston Villa will welcome back club captain Ron Vlaar (right) as they head to Old Trafford on Saturday . The commanding Dutch centre-back returns from injury to help Villa in their battle against relegation . Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood has urged his captain to prove his worth as the club aims to stay up . He played under Louis van Gaal in Brazil and will face his former international boss when Villa travel to Old Trafford on Saturday. The 30-year-old is out of contract in the summer and, having shaken off a calf injury, Villa boss Sherwood wants Vlaar to rediscover his spark. He said: 'We all know what he has done over the years but when people are putting their hands in their pockets to fork out money, they want to know they are getting value. 'He was right up there with the best at the World Cup but people have short memories. 'You are always looking at what people are doing now rather than a few months ago. 'He will have far more options open to him if he is in the shop window that's for sure.' Vlaar has only made 12 Barclays Premier League starts this season following calf and knee problems as Villa, three points above the relegation zone, battle the drop. His last game in February saw him concede a stoppage-time penalty and get sent off as Villa lost 2-1 to Stoke in Sherwood's first match. And Sherwood has put any contract talks on hold with Vlaar in order to focus on keeping Villa in the top flight. 'He realises he needs to be playing. I haven't even bothered speaking to him. There's time for that when we are safe,' he said. 'He is just concentrating on getting fit to play. Without getting on the pitch, he's not going to be an attractive proposition to anybody.' Vlaar played a starring role in Holland's run to the World Cup semi-finals in Brazil last year .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Aston Villa captain Ron Vlaar returns from injury to help struggling Villa.
Villa boss Tim Sherwood urges Vlaar to prove himself again.
Vlaar has only made 12 Barclays Premier League starts this season.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 744, Total accepted tokens: 744, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tim Sherwood has insisted Aston Villa’s impending summer takeover is not a concern and he plans to build a squad in his image for next season provided the club stay up. Randy Lerner is understood to be in detailed discussions with a prospective buyer and should a new man claim ownership doubts will inevitably be raised about Sherwood’s position. But the Villa manager is fully focussed on steering his side to safety, before using the closed season to implement long-term plans. Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood insists he is not concerned by talks of a takeover . Christian Benteke celebrates scoring as Aston Villa thrash Sunderland last month . Benteke took part in Aston Villa's training session on Thursday ahead of their trip to Manchester United . The forward was joined by midfielder Fabian Delph (left) who is fresh from international duty with England . Delph (centre) and the Villa squad were put through their paces ahead of Saturday's game vs United . Ashley Westwood (left) fends off a challenge from team-mate Jack Grealish (centre) on Thursday . ‘I haven’t heard that,’ said Sherwood. ‘I mean there’s a buyer out there for Man United probably – it’s going to have to be a rich one! ‘I think every club out there is for sale, I haven’t heard anything though. ‘It’s not a concern, I just have to do my job. My job is to prepare the team and keep them in the league this year.’ Villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th following late defeat by Swansea in their last match before the international break. They face Manchester United on Saturday at Old Trafford before Queens Park Rangers visit on Tuesday night. Sherwood added: ‘I feel very pleased to have got the opportunity to manage this great club. It is a dream job for me if we stay in the league, it gives me a pre-season to build my own squad. ‘I couldn’t have hand picked a better job, but we need to get over the line. It was obviously going to be a difficult task. Nobody said it was going to be easy. There will be lots of ups and downs along the way but I’m confident we can do it.’ Sherwood overseas Villa's training session on Thursday as they bid to avoid Premier League relegation . Sherwood laughs during an interview with Chief Sports Writer Martin Samuel in February .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tim Sherwood insists Aston Villa's impending summer takeover is not a concern.
The Villa manager is fully focussed on steering his side to safety.
Aston Villa are three points above the relegation zone in 16th.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 745, Total accepted tokens: 745, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Celtic's ambitions of persuading Manchester City to release Jason Denayer for another loan deal at Parkhead next season are well documented. But what you wish for and what you get are often oceans apart and so may be the case regarding Denayer after the pronouncements from City on Thursday. Put simply, manager Manuel Pellegrini has confessed that his club's young Academy players are not yet ready to step into his first-team squad. Therefore the likes of Denayer may soon find themselves returning from loan deals to fill the gap. Jason Denayer has impressed while playing for Celtic on loan this season from Manchester City . Celtic are keen to retain the services of the 19-year-old  Belgian defender, but face an uphill struggle to do so . City manager Manuel Pellegrini has confirmed that the club are looking to invest in homegrown talent . Pellegrini's comments confirm that City will be required to invest heavily in 'homegrown' talent this summer. Current Premier League regulations require clubs to carry a minimum eight homegrown players, a group which can include youngsters who have spent three of their formative years at an English club. Denayer falls into this category despite hailing from Belgium - making him all the more attractive to City next season. Pellegrini said: 'I think about the Academy, we must be patient. This club build all these things because young players are important. 'Maybe it's not so easy for young players, especially at big clubs, to play in the first team, with the professional squad. 'I'm sure in the future we will have very important players coming from the Academy, they will be part of the squad. 'But it's important to be patient, important to have years of working the same way. But you never know. Maybe some talented young players can do it before.' Denayer would obviously fit the bill. A number of young City professionals, including PSV's Karim Rekik and Marcos Lopes with Lille, are on loan and may be brought back to plug some of the holes next season. Celtic pair Virgil van Dijk (left) and Jason Denayer (right) arrive in Milan ahead of the Europa League tie .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Celtic keen to retain Jason Denayer after loan from Manchester City.
City manager Manuel Pellegrini says his club's Academy players are not ready.
The 19-year-old Belgian defender may soon find himself returning to Parkhead.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 746, Total accepted tokens: 746, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Southampton boss Ronald Koeman will wait for a more accurate date for Fraser Forster's return before deciding whether an additional goalkeeper must be signed in the summer. Forster underwent knee surgery after falling awkwardly in the 2-0 victory over Burnley a fortnight ago and estimates for his comeback have ranged from four to 12 months. Koeman is reluctant to give a more precise time frame for the England international and views Kelvin Davis as a capable deputy, although he admits he may be forced to bolster his goalkeeping options if Forster's recovery is delayed. Fraser Forster suffered a serious knee injury in Southampton's match with Burnley a couple of weeks ago . The England goalkeeper has undergone surgery but will certainly be out for several months . Manager Ronald Koeman would not be drawn on whether Southampton will sign a new keeper in the summer . 'Fraser is down, of course. I spoke to him last week,' Koeman said at his press conference ahead of Saturday's Barclays Premier League trip to Everton. 'The operation he had last week went okay, but he will be out for a long time - at least for this season. We have to wait to see how long he will be out for, it's difficult at this moment. 'Fraser is a fantastic goalkeeper. He was and is the number one for us. But as for every player you need good substitutes for each position. 'Kelvin Davis is a very experienced goalkeeper who played very well against Burnley. Koeman said he will wait for further updates on Forster's condition before making the decision . Kelvin Davis will deputise for Forster until the end of the season . The Saints still retain an outside chance of making the top four and reaching the Champions League . April 4 Everton (A) April 11 Hull City (H) April 18 Stoke City (A) April 25 Tottenham Hotspur (H) May 2 Sunderland (A) May 9 Leicester City (A) May 16 Aston Villa (H) May 24 Manchester City (A) 'He made some fantastic saves and has a lot of experience, which is important for our last eight games of the season. 'We have to make a decision on the goalkeepers at the end of the season and if Fraser is out for a longer time, a new goalkeeper is an option.' Striker Jay Rodriguez has been missing for a year to rehabilitate his own knee complaint and Koeman has revealed that he could be back before the end of the season. 'Jay has been training with the group and should be ready to play in four or five weeks,' Koeman said. Midfielder Steven Davis is a doubt to face Everton because of a groin injury he sustained on international duty for Northern Ireland.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman says he will wait for a more accurate date for Fraser Forster's return.
England goalkeeper Forster underwent knee surgery after falling awkwardly in the 2-0 victory over Burnley a fortnight ago.
Koeman views Kelvin Davis as a capable deputy but admits he may be forced to bolster his goalkeeping options if Forster's recovery is delayed.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 747, Total accepted tokens: 747, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Rotherham boss Steve Evans was left fuming on the sidelines after his relegation-threatened side were denied a penalty in their narrow Sky Bet Championship defeat at Birmingham. The hosts had led through first-half goals by Robert Tesche and Clayton Donaldson, before Matt Derbyshire pulled one back for fourth-bottom Rotherham. However, Rob Kiernan's clumsy handling of Derbyshire near the hour mark saw the former City forward go down in the box only for referee Dean Whitestone to wave away appeals for a spot-kick, leaving the Millers boss visibly enraged as the home side held out. Robert Tesche of Birmingham City celebrates scoring the opening goal of the game . Tesche (centre) finished low to put Birmingham City ahead against Rotherham at St Andrews . Birmingham: Randolph, Caddis, Morrison, Kiernan, Grounds, Tesche, Gleeson, Cotterill, Shinnie (Davis 82'), Gray (Dyer 67'), Donaldson . Subs not used: Fabbrini, Robinson, Thomas, Novak, Doyle . Booked: Shinnie, Grounds . Goals: Tesche 27' Donaldson 43' Rotherham: Martinez, Hunt, Morgan, Broadfoot, Lafferty, Wilson (Bowery 52'), Frecklington, Smallwood (Yates 85'), Pringle, Sammon (Newton 63'), Derbyshire . Subs not used: Green, Milsom, Collin, Rowe . Booked: Broadfoot, Morgan . Goals: Derbyshire 48' Referee: Dean Whitestone . Attendance: 16,569 . Andrew Shinnie was unfortunate to be flagged offside from Donaldson's early flick-on while winger Demarai Gray's ball into the box from the left was dangerous but fruitless. David Cotterill forced a good low save from Emiliano Martinez with a drive from just outside the area in the 19th minute as Gary Rowett's side continued to press. The deadlock was broken in the 27th minute with a well-worked but uncomplicated attack. Tesche found space just outside the box and after a one-two with Donaldson, side-footed coolly into the bottom-right corner to leave Martinez with no chance. Shinnie headed Cotterill's excellent cross over in the 38th minute after Donaldson's slight touch beforehand slightly changed the flight of the ball but eventually the second did come two minutes before the break. Cotterill hit a free-kick from distance with trademark power and accuracy and when Martinez palmed it back into play, rather than for a corner, Donaldson pounced with an easy diving header. Kirk Broadfoot of Rotherham United puts Clayton Donaldson of Birmingham City in a headlock . Birmingham City manager Gary Rowett watches the action from the sidelines of the Championship clash . Birmingham City's David Cotterill holds off challenge from Rotherham United's Ben Pringle (right) Donaldson fired a decent effort over on the turn as Blues sensed blood before the half was over. Rotherham gained a foothold less than three minutes into the second half, however. Slack defensive play left City goalkeeper Darren Randolph in bother and when he only palmed Lee Frecklington's shot to Derbyshire, the deficit was halved as the striker tapped home with ease. Frecklington then had a chance saved as Randolph kept out a deflected effort, while Martinez reacted quickly as Donaldson broke through at the other end. Colourful Millers boss Evans was incandescent with rage on the hour mark when his side were denied a penalty, with Derbyshire bearing down on goal only to go down when tangling with home defender Kiernan as the centre-half looked to atone for an error seconds earlier. Derbyshire was not far off with a 76th-minute header, while Donaldson and substitute Lloyd Dyer both came agonisingly close at point-blank range and Tesche twice fired straight at Martinez as the home side missed numerous chances to make the win more comfortable.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Rotherham United denied a penalty in their Sky Bet Championship defeat at Birmingham.
Birmingham City's Robert Tesche scores the only goal of the game in the first half.
Rotherham United's Matt Derbyshire scores the only goal of the second half.
Rotherham boss Steve Evans left fuming on the sidelines after his side's defeat.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 748, Total accepted tokens: 748, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Celtic have hit out at the SFA over ticket prices for their Scottish Cup semi-final against Inverness later this month at Hampden. The game's governing body has already come under fire from Caley Thistle fans for scheduling the match for 12.15pm on Sunday, April 18 - before the first trains from Inverness arrive in Glasgow. Now the Parkhead club have made their feeling known after ticket prices were set at £23 for the North and South stands, with the East Stand being £15 for adults and £5 for concessions. Celtic have complained to the SFA over ticket prices for their Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden this month . In a statement, they said: 'Celtic Football Club is extremely disappointed with the ticket pricing for our forthcoming Scottish Cup semi-final match against Inverness Caledonian Thistle. Celtic argued strongly that the pricing for North Stand tickets should be reviewed and lowered, to be brought closer to prices for other parts of the stadium. 'As in previous years, due to Celtic supporters being in the vast majority, a huge number of our supporters will be required to pay a ticket price which we believe is too high. 'Clearly, we feel that SFA and other Clubs involved should have taken a common sense approach to this matter in the interests of fairness for our supporters and to ensure attendances at the matches are as high as possible.' The SFA responded: 'The Scottish FA notes Celtic's statement on ticket pricing for the forthcoming William Hill Scottish Cup semi-finals and can clarify the following: All four participating clubs were consulted on ticket pricing for the semi-finals; the semi-final ticket prices have been unchanged for the past four years; the Scottish Cup semi-final gate, broadcast and advertising revenues for both matches are aggregated and distributed evenly to the competing teams, minus a 10-per-cent levy.' Celtic manager Ronny Deila prepares his side for their upcoming SPL clash with St Mirren on Friday . Celtic's Jason Denayer (left) and Virgil van Djik (centre) in action during a training session at Lennoxtown .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Celtic Football Club hit out at the SFA over ticket prices for their Scottish Cup semi-final.
The game's governing body has come under fire from Caley Thistle fans for scheduling the match.
The Parkhead club have made their feelings known after ticket prices were set at £23.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 749, Total accepted tokens: 749, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Wayne Rooney and his England team-mates were upset by the sloppy, uninspired way they started in Italy on Tuesday night. Nine months on from meeting at the World Cup, the Three Lions faced the Azzurri once more in a glamour friendly at the Juventus Stadium. Hopes were high after seven straight wins but Roy Hodgson's men struggled in the first half, deservedly falling behind to a Graziano Pelle header in Turin. England captain Wayne Rooney issues instructions during the 1-1 draw against Italy on Tuesday night . Rooney said he and the rest of the England players were upset by their first half performance . However, half-time brought with it renewed enthusiasm and England dominated the second period, levelling in style through Andros Townsend and going close to turning a 1-1 into an away triumph. 'We have (moved on from the World Cup) and I think that's why we were so disappointed with the first half,' England skipper Rooney said. 'We know we're better than that. Even though we had a lot of changes, we know we are a better team than what we showed first half. 'We were upset, I'll be honest, in the dressing room after the first half. Everyone was upset with the way we performed. Rooney and the rest of the England squad arrived back from Italy on Wednesday after their flight was delayed . The squad were supposed to fly home on Tuesday night after the match but a technical fault caused delay . 'It showed great character from everyone to go out in the second half to put in the performance we did, to get back in the game and were unlucky not to go on and win it. 'Italy are a great team and I think one of their biggest strengths is seeing the game out. 'We worked hard, we pushed the ball well, showed a lot of composure on the ball and created chances. 'On another night we might have scored another goal, but I think overall probably a draw for both teams was a fair result in the way the game went.' Graziano Pelle opened the scoring as England deservedly went behind in the first half against Italy . Andros Townsend equalised for Roy Hodgson's side during a much-improved second period . Things certainly ended positively for England, with Rooney dovetailing well with full debutant Harry Kane as Hodgson's second-half introductions stated their case. Ross Barkley was one of the stand-out performers, with the second-half substitute showing flashes of the form which impressed so many last summer. 'Ross is a terrific player,' Rooney said. 'He is a terrific young player and I think he can have an impact when he comes on. 'He did that, he took the ball, he ran at the Italian defenders and made it difficult for them. 'Hopefully, he can kick on now for the rest of the season.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England upset by Italy in friendly in Italy on Tuesday night.
England captain Wayne Rooney issues instructions during the 1-1 draw.
England dominated the second period, levelling in style through Andros Townsend.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 750, Total accepted tokens: 750, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Dundee United have hit back at fierce criticism of the board's performance by two leading supporters' groups. Arabtrust and the Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are 'shocked' that 25 per cent of £6.3million worth of transfer fees for Ryan Gauld, Andrew Robertson, Stuart Armstrong and Gary Mackay-Steven were paid in commission to unnamed parties. The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club. The Dundee United board have hit back at criticism from supporters by pointing to their on-field success . The Tannadice club - already under fire for selling Armstrong and Mackay-Steven to Celtic six weeks before their League Cup final defeat to the Scottish champions - responded by defending their record in a statement. It read: 'All supporters can be assured that the board will continue to implement its professional and comprehensive strategy for the football club. 'This strategy and the related actions of the chairman and board of directors have delivered progress both on and off field. 'On the field the club has reached back-to-back domestic cup finals for the first time in 29 years, qualified for European competition in three of the last four years, finished in the Premiership top six in every one of the last seven years and won the Scottish Cup in 2010. 'The current management team and players are also sitting fourth in the Premiership this season with sights firmly set on securing a European qualification place.' The supporters' joint statement expressed concern over the levels of club debts, saying: 'Despite the sales of the four players the board of DUFC does not believe that this is yet sufficient to pay all current remaining debt.' Defending their record on that point, the club statement responded: 'Off field the board has reduced overall debt, including Thompson family loans, from £5.2m in February 2014 to £2.6m while successfully extricating the club from all bank debt. The club debt is projected to be reduced to £1.4m by the end of this year. 'Supporters can rest assured that the board is comprised of individuals that are, without exception, Dundee United supporters. They bring with them a wealth of experience in business. 'At all times, the board acts to promote the success of Dundee United and will continue to do so.' Arabtrust and the Federation also voiced concerns that chairman Thompson was wary of bringing in external investors for fear of seeing his family's shareholding drop below 75 per cent. The most explosive allegation, however, is the claim concerning the commission paid to outside parties – none of whom are understood to be players, agents or other clubs. The supporters' joint statement added: 'We believe this figure to be in excess of £500k. This does not include payments to players, agents or other clubs. When all of these various payments are totalled, over 25 per cent of the £6.3m in fees received has not been kept in the club.' United last year announced that a recent debt settlement would see the Bank of Scotland collect a share of transfer fees received before the end of August 2015. A United spokesman said: 'We've been reluctantly drawn into this matter and have no wish to enter a war of words, but the £500,000 figure is an entirely fictitious amount based on an incorrect assumption. At no time was that figure provided to anyone, so it's surprising to see it in the public domain.' Some supporters were angered by the amount of commission that was paid from transfer fees received .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Supporters groups say they are 'shocked' that 25 per cent of transfer fees were paid in commission.
Arabtrust and the Federation of Dundee United Supporters Clubs say they are 'shocked'
The supporters groups also disputed chairman Stephen Thompson's alleged level of investment in the club.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 751, Total accepted tokens: 751, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Chinese parents are passionate about raising child prodigies - whether they are 10-year-old university entrants or four-year-old Michael Jackson dance-alikes. Now a new basketball superstar is on the rise. A viral video is making the rounds in China, which shows a small boy displaying a dazzling array of basketball skills that would put to shame many professional players. The five-year-old child is called Mai Zizhuo and he has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old, reported the People's Daily Online. The video starts off with the pint-sized player scoring a succession of hoops before running around dribbling two basketballs. His eyes are focused on the camera while handling two basketballs at the same time and still he didn't lose rhythm once. His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across basketball-mad China. The country's biggest basketball star so far has been Shanghai-born Yao Ming, who played for NBA's Houston Rockets from 2002 to 2011. Talented: Five-year-old Mai Zizhuo shows his outstanding basketball skills in a viral video . Skilful: The pint-sized player scored a succession of hoops before running around dribbling two basketballs . Praised: His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across China . Stunned by Mai's potential, netizens in China leave comments by the thousands. Lakers fan 'Siu720' said: 'I can't believe it……..it must be special effects!' 'NickWooster' from Fujian simply asking: 'Who is his father?' Others feel ashamed of their own basketball skills in comparison to the kid. 'Cubex' from Hunan posted: 'I want to reincarnate and start over again! What have I been doing for the past 32 years?'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Five-year-old Mai Zizhuo has been shooting hoops since he was two and a half years old.
His incredible skills have won him legions of fans across China.
The country's biggest basketball star so far has been Shanghai-born Yao Ming.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 752, Total accepted tokens: 752, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Bayern Munich will be without versatile left-back David Alaba for the closing stages of the season after he was ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament. Alaba, out for three months earlier this season after a partial ligament tear in his right knee, was injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia on Tuesday. 'I am bitterly disappointed,' the 22-year-old told the club's website. 'But I have a big aim and that is to be there at the season finale.' David Alaba is tackled by Emir Spahic's tackle during Austria's 1-1 draw against Bosnia-Herzegovina . Marc Janko (left) celebrates with Martin Harnik and Alaba after he scored against Liechtenstein last Friday . He is set to start rehabilitation work in about a month, Bayern said. Alaba had been in superb form for Bayern since his comeback, helping them stay firmly on track for a treble of titles with some spectacular goals. Bayern, who are top of the Bundesliga with eight games left and through to the German Cup last eight, face Porto in the Champions League quarter-finals later this month. Alaba (left) has been in excellent form for Bayern this season as the Bavarian giants chase a treble of titles .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Bayern Munich will be without versatile left-back David Alaba for the closing stages of the season.
Alaba ruled out for around seven weeks with a torn knee ligament.
Alaba injured while playing for Austria in their 1-1 draw against Bosnia on Tuesday.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 753, Total accepted tokens: 753, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Hull KR have plugged the gap created by the loss of front row pair Michael Weyman and Ryan Bailey with the capture of experienced Australian forward Dane Tilse from Canberra Raiders. The 6ft 7in, 17st-plus Tilse has signed a two-and-a-half-year contract with the Robins and will join them as soon as he receives the necessary paperwork after the Raiders agreed to release him. Tilse, 30, who has made 200 appearances Down Under, will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese, the new Hull KR captain who on Tuesday signed a two-year contract extension, and is a like-for-like replacement for Weyman, who announced his retirement due to injury last month. Australian forward Dane Tilse will move from Canberra Raiders to Hull KR on a two-and-a-half-year deal . The Raiders have agreed to release the 6ft 7in forward and only paperwork delays his start for the Robins . Rovers, who have appointed former England captain Jamie Peacock as their football manager for 2016, were further depleted in the front row when they agreed to release ex-Leeds prop Bailey for personal reasons. Tilse comes in after the sudden retirement of Michael Weyman and Ryan Bailey's departure . Hull KR head coach Chris Chester, who had been linked with a move for Tilse's Canberra team-mate David Shillington, said: 'It's no secret that we've been short on numbers in the front row after the departures of Mick and Ryan Bailey and we wanted to strengthen in that area. 'Our forwards have coped very well in the circumstances but we've been scouring the market for props and we're delighted to be bringing in someone of Dane's calibre. 'He's got a very good pedigree over in the NRL and he's coming here in what should be the prime of his career for a front rower. 'We're excited to see him take to the field for us and he'll be a big part of the squad moving forwards. We've got to go through the necessary process regarding his visa, but we're hopeful of having him on board in the next three to four weeks.' Tilse, a former Junior Kangaroo who was an ever-present for Canberra in both 2013 and 2014, said he spoke to former Hull KR hooker Josh Hodgson, who joined the Raiders at the end of last season, before finalising the move. 'It's a new challenge for me to come over there and it's one I'm really looking forward to,' Tilse said. 'Everybody I've spoken to has had good things to say about Rovers and it sounds like a club on the way up. 'I've had a brief chat to Josh Hodgson and he spoke very highly of the club, as did Mick Weyman's dad. I played with Mick at Canberra and his old man said how much he'd enjoyed it over there. Tilse will link up with his former Raiders team-mate Terry Campese, the new Hull KR captain . 'It's a different style of game in Super League, it's not so much about the wrestle and defence like the NRL, so I'm looking forward to a fresh start. 'I've been at Canberra for 10 years now and it's time for me to be taken out of my comfort zone, but I'm 30 years old, I'm an experienced player and I'm more than confident I can handle the change. 'I was already thinking of coming over to Super League next season, but this was too good an opportunity to turn down. 'Canberra have been really good with me, so hopefully I can play a couple more games here over the next few weeks and then get across to Hull KR.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hull KR capture experienced Australian forward Dane Tilse from Canberra Raiders.
Tilse will link up with his old Canberra team-mate Terry Campese, the new Hull KR captain.
Rovers have agreed to release the 6ft 7in forward and only paperwork delays his start.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 754, Total accepted tokens: 754, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Livingston boss Mark Burchill believes heartbroken midfielder Darren Cole wants to play in Sunday's Petrofac Cup final despite the game coming just a week after the tragic death of his cousin in America. The ex-Rangers youth has been mourning the loss of Shaun Cole, 22, who was found dead in a Miami street last weekend and is thought to have been the victim of a hit-and-run driver. A soldier who had served in Afghanistan, he was on holiday in Florida while on leave and had attended a music festival there before being found on a pavement with a head injury which proved fatal. Livingston boss Mark Burchill is hopeful that midfielder Darren Cole will turn out for his side on Sunday . Livingston star Cole, 23, was close to Shaun and paid tribute to the army private on his Twitter account this week. He wrote: 'I know you won't be here for the rest of our lives but I can promise I'll love you for the rest of mine.' Cole was granted time off by the Championship side as they prepare to face Alloa at McDiarmid Park in their first national final in 11 years. But he returned to training on Wednesday and is due to work with the players again after a squad day off on Thursday. Burchill is not putting any pressure on the 23-year-old to play despite the fact he has been a key member of the team since signing a short-term deal in February. He will give Cole as much time as he needs to grieve and accept whatever decision he makes - but admits that the former Murray Park youngster has given the impression he would like to be involved. Burchill said: 'Darren was away from the club initially and we don't really know what to expect but I am speaking with him constantly to plan with him. 'He came back to training on Wednesday but is still in a bit of shock after what has happened, which is completely understandable. 'If I'm honest, I really don't know if he is going to play so we will need to see how things go once we get towards Saturday and Sunday. 'I think Darren would like to play but he has never been through something like this before in his life. 'Him and Shaun were much closer than a lot of cousins are. They grew up together, were around the same age and lived in the same area. They were best mates. 'Darren and his family want to find out exactly what happened and get a wee bit of closure because they still don't know the circumstances. 'We will do everything we can as a club to keep his head straight. It goes without saying we would like him to be involved and I think he would like to be. 'He is a very aggressive central midfielder and is technically one of the best players at the club with two fantastic feet.' Cole (left) was left heartbroken following the death of his cousin, Shaun, from a suspected hit-and-run .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Livingston boss Mark Burchill believes Darren Cole will play in final.
Cole is mourning the death of his cousin, Shaun Cole, who died last week.
Cole is due to play for his side in their first national final in 11 years on Sunday.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 755, Total accepted tokens: 755, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Alan Smith has rubbished claims that Liverpool fans attacked the ambulance he was travelling to hospital in following the aftermath of his horror injury during Manchester United's FA Cup 1-0 defeat to their fierce rivals nine years ago. Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle while attempting to block a John Arne Riise free-kick during the fifth round clash at Anfield in February 2006. At the time of the incident, reports circulated that Liverpool fans tried to disrupt Smith's journey to hospital by throwing bottles, beer glasses and stones at the ambulance as well as rocking the vehicle. WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT . Alan Smith has denied claims that Liverpool fans attacked the ambulance he was travelling to hospital in during Manchester United's FA Cup fifth round exit nine years ago . The horror incident occurred after Smith (second right) blocked John Arne Riise's free-kick . Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle as a result of the incident at Anfield . But Smith, who made his comeback for United seven months later, insists that was not the case. 'It didn't happen – fans were still in the ground,' he told FourFourTwo exclusively in the May edition of their magazine. 'I went back to Liverpool a few years later with Newcastle and had a great reception. 'I had loads of mail from fans after the injury, including a lot from Liverpool. And Liverpool's medical staff were great. They were worried that because there was no blood flowing that I could have had a club foot. 'It wasn't Riise's fault and he came to see me. The dislocated ankle was worse than the leg break because I snapped ligaments and there were complications. 'I knew I was never going to be the same player. I've appreciated every game I've played since that injury, I know how close I was to being finished.' Smith was carried off on a stretcher before he was taken to hospital via an ambulance .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Liverpool fans threw bottles, beer glasses and stones at ambulance during Smith's injury.
Smith suffered a broken leg and a dislocated ankle during the FA Cup fifth round clash.
Smith says Liverpool fans were still in the ground during the incident.
Thput (tok/s): 34.01 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 756, Total accepted tokens: 756, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ronny Deila insists Celtic will not risk their Champions League aspirations by embarking on another gruelling pre-season travel schedule. The Norwegian blamed last summer’s money-spinning programme of games in the United States, Austria, Germany for a damaging 4-1 qualifying defeat to Legia Warsaw. Celtic command lucrative fees for pre-season commitments and have also taken on trips to Australia and the Far East in recent seasons. Ronny Deila and Nir Bitton walk off the pitch after losing to Legia Warsaw in Champions League qualifying . A return to America for this July has not yet been ruled out. With £16million on offer just for returning to the Champions League group stages, however, Deila says he has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell to scale down this summer’s commitments. ‘It is not going to be the same,’ he said. ‘We are going to play less games, travel less and really prepare for those games. ‘I want to do it differently than we did it last year. I think we did way too much travelling and way too much games.’ Faced with over-turning the 4-1 first leg defeat in Warsaw last summer, Deila remained with his first team in Glasgow while a Celtic development squad suffered a 6-1 thrashing to Spurs in an exhibition game at Helsinki’s Olympic Stadium. ‘It is not positive to play games with half a team and lose 5-1 and 6-1,’ said the Celtic boss. ‘It is not positive for the confidence and the atmosphere in the club. We don’t like to lose. When we play we want to prepare as well as possible and that is going to be the main issue now in pre-season.’ A Celtic development squad were thrashed by Tottenham in a pre-season friendly last season . The SPFL champions recently secured a new kit deal with American manufacturers New Balance, raising the chances of a return to the States. Despite the financial attractions of a packed pre-season programme, however, Deila says he has backing from Lawwell to do most of the preparation in Scotland. ‘He is with me. We are on the same lines so that hasn’t been a problem. We are talking about the United States but then everything has to be perfect there. ‘We haven’t decided 100 per cent but I think we are going to stay here for the first 14 days and have games around here. We will have a couple of games that we go away to play, maybe two or three. So less travelling, more calm. Players will have been abroad on vacation and will come back and prepare the right way and play games here.’ Acknowledging at the same time that overseas trips generate cash for the club, Deila responded: ‘Yes, but there is more money in the Champions League.’ Deila says Celtic won't be travelling as much in pre-season as they look to qualify for the group stages .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Celtic manager Ronny Deila says he has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell.
Deila blames last summer's money-spinning programme of games in the United States.
Deila says he has the blessing of chief executive Peter Lawwell to scale down this summer's commitments.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 757, Total accepted tokens: 757, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Franck Ribery has dismissed reports linking Wolfsburg forward Kevin de Bruyne with Bayern Munich as a potential replacement for the former France international or his team-mate Arjen Robben. De Bruyne, who spent his two years at Chelsea largely on loan before joining the second-placed Bundesliga club, has scored nine goals this season and is topping the league's assist charts with 16 – seven more than the next best. But Ribery says despite his impressive form the 23-year-old Belgian is the wrong style of player to come in under Pep Guardiola because he has different assets to himself and the Holland winger. Kevin de Bruyne is linked with Bayern Munich as a potential replacement for the club's veteran forwards . The Wolfsburg playmaker, here in action for Belgium against Israel, has 16 assists and nine goals this season . Bayern's Franck Ribery says despite De Bruyne's impressive form he is the wrong type of player for Munich . 'He is not a player who takes the ball and dribbles forward and likes to have the opponents in front of him,' Ribery told German publication Sport Bild. 'De Bruyne is great, when he fits the counterattack. At Bayern, however, you usually only have three or four metres in front of you, not a lot of room. But he is a good player and he is still young, so he can still learn.' Ribery and Robben's contracts run out in 2017 and both have endured injuries worries of late prompting reports that an injection of youth such as 23-year-old De Bruyne could be good for the club. Ribery (left) says De Bruyne's counter-attacking skills don't mesh with the style of Pep Guardiola (right) Ribery has struggled with injuries of late and has been linked with moves away from the Bundesliga leaders . Should Bayern be in the market for a young attacker, however, Ribery knows precisely who he'd want to see at Allianz Arena – De Bruyne's Belgian team-mate Eden Hazard. 'He attacks all of the time. He loves to run at his opponent,' he said. 'But he plays at Chelsea - this could be very expensive for Bayern.' If Bayern do go for De Bruyne, against their outspoken veteran's advice, they'll have competition from Manchester City, who have met with his representatives, along with Paris Saint-Germain. Wolfsburg are said to be keen to hang onto him for at least one more campaign that should include next season's Champions League. Chelsea's Eden Hazard would be an ideal fit with Guardiola and the Allianz Arena, says Ribery, but expensive .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Franck Ribery says Kevin de Bruyne is the wrong style of player for Bayern Munich.
De Bruyne is linked with Bayern Munich as a potential replacement for the club's veteran forwards.
Bayern's Franck Ribery says despite De Bruyne's impressive form he is the wrong type of player for Munich.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 758, Total accepted tokens: 758, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: What's more exciting than meeting your idol? Meeting your idol in a Starbucks, while wearing a shirt with their name on it, and having your picture uploaded to their Instagram account. One little boy was lucky enough to meet Justin Verlander, pitcher for the Detroit Tigers, under those same, once-in-a-lifetime, circumstances. Verlander snapped a selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back. Scroll down for video . Selfie: Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander (right) snapped this selfie in front a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt with Verlander's name and jersey number, 35, on the back . Instagram: The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!! This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around' The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers writing: 'Love having my fans support!! This little guy was pretty surprised when he turned around.' Perhaps 'pretty surprised' is an understatement when a little boy meets his idol, but we'll take Verlander's word for it. This isn't the first time a celebrity has snapped a selfie with an unsuspecting fan. In January, former Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Roy Halladay tweeted a photo to his more than 40,000 Twitter followers of himself in front of a fan who wore a red shirt with the former player's name and jersey number on the back. This guy wasn't so lucky. Apparently, Halladay didn't meet the fan, he tweeted: 'Oopps you missed me! Walked right by me! Hope he gets to see his pic with me on Twitter, he doesn't know we took this.' Fan: In January, former Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Roy Halladay (right) tweeted a photo of himself in front of a fan (left) who wore a red shirt with the former player's name and jersey number on the back . 'Full House' star John Stamos, who played Uncle Jessie, stopped by his TV home in San Francisco last month and went unnoticed by fans checking out the famous house. The 51-year-old actor took a photo of himself in front of the home as the unsuspecting fans marveled at the front of the San Francisco house featured in the opening sequence of the family sitcom. Stamos uploaded the photo to Instagram with the caption: 'Boy, these youngsters have 0.0 idea what they're missing. #Fullhousehouse. #TURNAROUND.' It is unknown if the 'youngsters' ever did, in fact, #TURNAROUND or if they missed their 'old familiar friend.' #TURNAROUND: Last month, 'Full House' star John Stamos (left), who played Uncle Jessie, stopped by his TV home in San Francisco last month and went unnoticed by fans checking out the famous house .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Justin Verlander snapped a selfie in front of a little boy wearing a dark blue shirt.
The pitcher uploaded the selfie to his more than 150,000 Instagram followers.
The boy was pretty surprised when he turned around, the pitcher wrote.
The boy was pretty surprised when he turned around, the pitcher wrote.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 759, Total accepted tokens: 759, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Eden Hazard has admitted an intense campaign with Chelsea may have left him too tired to perform at the best of his ability after he was substituted just 62 minutes into Belgium's win over Israel on Tuesday. Hazard has played 48 games this season for club and country, missing just five matches for Chelsea and being an ever-present in their Barclays Premier League title charge. But as Belgium struggled to a hard-fought 1-0 win over Israel in European Championship qualifying group B, Hazard was withdrawn by manager Marc Wilmots with 28 minutes to go having found it difficult to get the better of his marker Orel Dgani. Eden Hazard has admitted an intense campaign with Chelsea may have left him too tired to perform at his best . Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes In Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel in Jerusalem on Tuesday night . The 24-year-old playmaker has played all but five of Chelsea's games this season, mainly avoiding injury . The 24-year-old playmaker was clearly unhappy to have been substituted and looked to shoot Wilmots a disapproving look as he left the field to be replaced by Nacer Chadli before questioning the manager on his decision after the game. ‘I was a little bit surprised to be substituted,' Hazard said. 'Also, I was a little bit unhappy and I think you could see that I was unhappy. ‘I asked the coach for a reason and he told me that I was tired. Maybe I was a little bit tired. I’ve played a lot of games this season.’ In his post-match comments, Wilmots added: ‘Hazard is not hurt, but I had the impression that he was tired. In these kind of games, you have to react immediately because we did not have time.' Belgium manager Marc Wilmots said he felt that Hazard looked tired, something the player questioned him on . Hazard scored early on in Chelsea's last game, a 3-2 win over Hull City, but the team were pegged back . Hazard is unlikely to get an extended rest any time soon as he returns to Premier League action on Saturday . Belgium captain Vincent Kompany was sent off for a second yellow card within two minutes of Hazard's withdrawal, leaving Belgium clinging on to their slender lead, and Wilmots admitted he may not have substituted his star man had he known his side would be down to 10 men. Despite his admission, Hazard is unlikely to get an extended rest any time soon as he returns to Premier League action with the visit of Stoke City to Stamford Bridge on Saturday. And with a tough run-in and another international break still to come, the Belgian forward could rack up as many as 59 appearances by the time the season finally ends in mid-June. Belgium's win in Jerusalem saw them return to the top of their qualifying group, ahead of Wales on goal difference. They travel to face them in Cardiff in their next competitive game on June 12. Marouane Fellaini (left) celebrates his goal with Vincent Kompany, Axel Witsel and Christian Benteke (L-R) But Kompany was later sent off and Wilmots admitted he may not have substituted Hazard two minutes later .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Eden Hazard admits an intense campaign with Chelsea may have left him too tired.
Hazard was substituted with 28 minutes to go in Belgium's 1-0 win over Israel.
Hazard was withdrawn by manager Marc Wilmots with 28 minutes to go.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 760, Total accepted tokens: 760, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Would-be drug smugglers were roasted when police discovered marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb. The slab of meat and its unusual herb accompaniment was found by police in the Northern Territory, after something smelled suspicious to the Northern Substance Abuse Intelligence Desk. Officers then decided to x-ray the lamb, which revealed the 20g bag of marijuana. Scroll down for video . Police discovered 20 grams of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb in the Northern Territory . It is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport, and would then be sent on to the Tiwi Islands 100kms to the north. The stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold, which is about four times the normal price of the drug in suburban Australia. 'In an Indigenous community you're looking at $100 for 1 gram,' Detective Senior Sergeant Mark Malogorski told the ABC. In a statement released on Thursday, police said the sender would be 'feeling a little sheepish' after their attempt to smuggle the marijuana was sniffed out. It is believed the lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport, and would then be sent on to the Tiwi Islands 100kms to the north . Northern Territory Police said the stash would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold . 'Officers became suspicious while checking a consignment of meat and a quick x-ray revealed seasoning of a completely illegal nature.' 'The lamb was subjected to an autopsy where 20 grams of cannabis was removed. In a statement released on Thursday, police said the sender would be 'feeling a little sheepish' after their attempt to smuggle the marijuana was sniffed out . 'Investigations into this attempted smuggling are ongoing and police will continue to target the possession and distribution of drugs and alcohol into remote communities. Offenders are warned that they face serious charges when they are caught.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police discover 20g bag of marijuana hidden within a leg of lamb.
Lamb had been shipped to a company at Darwin Airport.
Lamb would have been worth $2000 if it had been sold.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 761, Total accepted tokens: 761, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Troubled footballer Clarke Carlisle has revealed he has split from his wife as he continues to battle with depression following his failed suicide attempt. The former Premier League defender said he had 'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire that he shared with his wife of 14 years, Gemma. Mr Carlisle tried to kill himself in December, two days after he was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving. Scroll down for video . Split: Clarke Carlisle says he has 'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire that he shared with his wife of 14 years, Gemma. The pair are pictured together in 2013 . The 35-year-old father-of-three stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the A64 near York in December, suffering cuts, bruises, internal bleeding, a broken rib and a shattered left knee. The incident has left the ex-Burnley defender with scars all over his body. On television this week Mr Carlisle, who has publicly struggled with depression, revealed the scars he still bears from his suicide attempt are a 'constant reminder' of his good fortune in surviving. Now Mr Carlisle, who played 131 times for the Clarets between 2007 and 2012, said the accident had led to him moving out of the house he shared with wife Gemma. The sportsman, dubbed 'Britain's brainiest footballer' after he appeared on Countdown in 2002, told TalkSport Radio on a special Monday night show: 'At this point, Gemma and I have separated. 'I have moved out of the marital home because I have to focus on my well-being and equally as much Gemma has to do the same. 'She has to deal with her experiences and the effect that has had on her.' Mr Carlisle appeared on Good Morning Britain this week and revealed the scars he still bears from his suicide attempt are a 'constant reminder' of his good fortune in surviving . Asked about how his wife Gemma has taken it, he added: 'Every day has been incredibly tough and different. 'When you have been with someone for 14 years but masking things and thoughts from her, it was because I was a people-pleaser. 'I've desperately wanted to say what I know will make her happy and do the things that I think she wants me to do - instead of being myself.' Earlier this week Mr Carlisle apologised to the driver of the lorry which he jumped in front of in an attempt to kill himself. The former footballer said that he prays for the driver, Darren Pease, every day - but added that he has been unable to apologise in person because the haulier refuses to meet him. Star: Mr Carlisle pictured playing for Burnley against Aston Villa in 2010, at the peak of his footballing career . Appearing on ITV's Good Morning Britain on Tuesday, Mr Carlisle said he was 'so sorry' for putting Mr Pease through the ordeal of being involved in a near-fatal crash. Speaking earlier this month, Mr Pease, 53, said that he might never be able to drive a lorry again after hitting Mr Carlisle. Mr Carlisle played for nine different clubs in his 16-year career, including five years at Burnley, and served as chairman of the Professional Footballers' Association. Last week, he pleaded guilty to failing to provide a sample when he was stopped by police in December as his car was swerving around the road. He will be sentenced in May. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Clarke Carlisle says he has 'moved out of the marital home' in Yorkshire.
The 35-year-old father-of-three stepped in front of a 12-ton truck on the A64.
The ex-Burnley defender said he has been unable to apologise in person to the driver.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 762, Total accepted tokens: 762, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Arsenal legend Paul Merson has been forced into an embarrassing climbdown and admitted he was wrong to criticise the England call up for Andros Townsend. The Tottenham winger came off the bench to score the equaliser with a stunning strike in Tuesday's 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin. It was the perfect riposte after Merson said in his Sky Sports column: 'If Andros Townsend can get in (the England squad) then it opens it up for anybody.' Andros Townsend scores England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night . Townsend celebrates his strike with Tottenham Hotspur team-mates Ryan Mason (left) and Kyle Walker . In his column for skysports.com, Merson wrote: 'If Andros Townsend can get in then it opens it up for anybody. We are not picking players who are playing well for their clubs – he got taken off after 30 minutes the other week against United. 'The England manager is there watching the game and he still gets picked. Townsend and Kyle Walker were the worst two players on the pitch. 'How can you tell me that a manager goes and watches Man United against Tottenham, the winger gets taken off after 30 minutes, the winger from the other team absolutely rinses the full-back for England and Ashley Young doesn't get in the squad?' Townsend later tweeted to his 285,000 followers: 'Not bad for a player that should be 'nowhere near the squad' ay @PaulMerse?' And Merson insisted on Wednesday he was pleased to be proven wrong by the 23-year-old. Merson told Sky Sports: 'It's just a matter of opinion, and my opinion was that he got pulled off after half an hour at Manchester United in front of Roy Hodgson, so he shouldn't have been in the squad. 'But fair play to him, I only give my opinion, and sometimes I'm wrong, other times I'm right. 'When I'm wrong, I hold my hands up. I don't have a problem with doing that - I'll always be the first to admit when I'm wrong. 'It's not as though I was watching hoping he wouldn't score for England, I'm genuinely pleased for him and fair play to him – it was a great goal. 'But I don't feel as though I need to defend myself – it's my job to give my opinion – and I'm just glad people actually take notice of what I'm saying!' Sky Sports pundit Paul Merson (centre) criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week . Harry Kane congratulates his Tottenham team-mate Townsend after the final whistle in Turin . Roy Hodgson was also impressed with Townsend after the Tottenham winger's fine goal after the break .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Paul Merson says he was wrong to criticise Andros Townsend's call-up.
The Tottenham winger scored the equaliser in a 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin.
Townsend celebrates his strike with Tottenham Hotspur team-mates Ryan Mason and Kyle Walker.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 763, Total accepted tokens: 763, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Six people have been arrested in Dover on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences, West Midlands Police said. Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning in the departure zone of the south coast port, according to the force's Twitter feed. Four of the men, all in their 20s, are from Birmingham, West Midlands, while a 26-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman of no fixed abode were also held. Six people were arrested at Dover this morning on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences, according to West Midlands Police . They are currently being questioned at a police station in the West Midlands area. Searches are taking place at a number of addresses in Birmingham and police say the arrests are part of an on-going investigation. Officers added that the suspects, who are not a family group and were not accompanied by children, did not pose any immediate risk to public safety. It comes a day after it was revealed that one of the nine Britons detained in Turkey for allegedly trying to cross the border into Syria is the son of Rochdale Labour councillor, Shakil Ahmed. Politics student Waheed Ahmed, 21, and his aunt, cousins and four children were caught by security forces in Hatay province, southern Turkey. Police are yet to confirm whether the two cases are linked. Four of the men are from Birmingham, West Midlands, and in their 20s, while a 26-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman of no fixed abode were also arrested . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Six people arrested in Dover on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences.
Five men and one woman were detained at approximately 8am this morning.
Suspects are not a family group and were not accompanied by children.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 764, Total accepted tokens: 764, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Get ready to dig deep - the impulse to buy a treat peaks today at 12.52pm. A study claims that Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves, with retail therapy reaching a high at lunchtime today. Treats can range from as little as a bar of chocolate or a glass of wine to designer clothes and shoes, according to research by website VoucherCodes.co.uk. A study reveals that Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves, with retail therapy reaching a high at lunchtime today. Treats can range from a bar of chocolate to a glass of wine . And surprisingly, men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves. They are also more likely to lie about their expenditure and hide items they have purchased from their partners in a desperate quest to keep their shopping habits under wraps, a different survey last year found. The shoppers of Swansea are the most frivolous, with 44 per cent splurging as soon as they are paid, followed by those in Aberdeen (42 per cent) and Belfast (39 per cent). The most cautious spenders live in Wolverhampton, where only 19 per cent choose to treat themselves on pay day. Designer items (stock image above) are also popular buys and men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves, the research claims . Other research claimed the average Brit spends £153 within 24 hours of payday - while 10 per cent splurge more than £500. Some workers said they spend so much in the 24 hours after payday because they had arranged their regular payments and direct debits to leave their accounts around that time. While others said it was because they felt like they deserved the treat.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Britons spend an average of £62 a week on rewarding themselves.
Retail therapy reaches a high at lunchtime today.
Men spend a third more a month than women on treating themselves.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 765, Total accepted tokens: 765, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Charlie Austin has revealed how his good mate Joey Barton ignored him on his first day at Queens Park Rangers before realising his mistake - with the duo then becoming good friends. The striker has had a Premier League debut season to remember and is being touted as a possible England debutant in the future after scoring 15 goals in the competition. His close friendship with club captain Barton is well publicised but they're first encounter is one Austin is unlikely to forget. Charlie Austin (left) and Joey Barton have become good friends despite their very early setback . Speaking to The Guardian he said: 'My first day, I came to the training ground within 45 minutes of signing and I was waiting for the security barrier to lift when he came out. I thought: 'That's Joey Barton.' 'He looked at me, just got in his car and drove off. 'I thought: 'Brilliant, here we go!' To be fair to him, he came in the next day, shook my hand and said it wasn't until he got home that he knew I had signed. The following day he invited me and Bianca, my wife-to-be, out to dinner and from then until now we've been close mates.' QPR take on West Brom, on Saturday before travelling to fellow strugglers Aston Villa on Tuesday, and Austin knows his side can't afford to lose. The 25-year-old says QPR can't afford to lose their next two games and must pick up at least four points . Club captain Barton (centre) has been relegated with the club before and will want to avoid the drop . He said: 'You look at those two games and you think we need to get four to six points.' Austin's first season has been somewhat spectacular and he's currently fourth in the highest goalscoring charts behind Harry Kane, Diego Costa and Sergio Aguero and the striker his humbled to be in the same mix as them. 'It's quite surreal because I couldn't have dreamed to be in the mix with people like that.,' he says. Austin (centre) scores against Aston Villa and he'll look to do the same when they play on Tuesday .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Charlie Austin says he was Joey Barton's first signing at Queens Park Rangers.
The striker says Barton was quick to make a mistake and he's now a good friend.
Austin says Barton has been a great friend and Barton has been a great striker.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 766, Total accepted tokens: 766, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: This dog certainly is his master's best friend after saving him from a cold and muddy grave. The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon. Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius. He apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear. Luckily, he had a cell phone on hand to call 911. However, first responders were unable to get a boat out to him because the river was too shallow. They also didn't want to send anyone into the pond in fear that they would get stuck too. That's when they had the idea to send the dog in with a rescue rope. Go fetch: This dog certainly is his master's best friend after saving him from a cold and muddy grave . The black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner at the Clarence J. Brown Dam and Reservoir in Springfield, Ohio, on Saturday afternoon . All hands on deck: Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters after spending almost two hours in waters hovering around zero degrees Celsius . Wrong move: He apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering some duck hunting gear . According to the Springfield News-Sun, the man remained in good spirits throughout his recovery and didn't suffer any injuries. Assistant Fire Chief Rick Hughes said that if the ordeal had gone on much longer it could have proved fatal. 'It’s a good thing he had his cellphone considering he was in the mud and water to about his chest and it was about 33 degrees [Fahrenheit],' he added.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Black pooch was filmed in action as he took a rescue rope out to his owner.
Footage shows the unidentified man then being hauled to shore by firefighters.
He apparently got stuck waist-deep in mud while recovering duck hunting gear.
Man remained in good spirits throughout his recovery and didn't suffer any injuries.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 767, Total accepted tokens: 767, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri goes into this weekend's Serie A games admitting he does not expect to be fully embraced by the team's fans until he steers the club to a title. Having joined the Turin outfit last summer, several months after being sacked by AC Milan, Allegri has hardly put a foot wrong, coaching Juve to a commanding lead in the race for the Scudetto. Allegri, who replaced Antonio Conte last summer, and Juve will go after another three points on Saturday when they host Empoli. Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri instructs his side from the touchline, who are top of Serie A . 'When I arrived, I feared that I would not be able to win the hearts of the fans because I had promised to achieve that with results,' Allegri told his club's official website. 'I have forgiven the initial scepticism because it was right to do that. What happened last July to Juventus was a shock (Conte's resignation). 'We have worked and are having a good season that we need to conclude positively, seeing as we have not won anything yet.' Juve are 14 points clear of Roma at the top of the standings with 10 games remaining. If they win the league, it will be a fourth straight Scudetto for the club. Carlos Tevez (centre) scored twice as Juventus cruised past Borussia Dortmund in the Champions League . Allegri has also guided the Bianconeri into the Champions League quarter-finals and the Coppa Italia semi-finals. Roma, who are just one point clear of Lazio, host fellow Champions League hopefuls Napoli on Saturday. Lazio carry a six-match winning run in Serie A with them to Sardinia to face Cagliari. The Biancoceleste hold the last Champions League qualifying spot and are four points clear of nearest rivals Sampdoria. Samp make the trip to Florence to take on Fiorentina also in fine fettle after winning their last four league games. France's Paul Pogba has been an integral part of the Juventus side 14 points clear at the top of  Serie A . Fiorentina are two places and two points behind Saturday's opponents and are unbeaten at home in Serie A since November 9. Ninth-place Genoa, with just two points collected since since February 15, face Udinese at the Luigi Ferraris stadium. AC Milan, who beat Cagliari 3-1 before the international break, square off against Palermo at La Favorita. Inter Milan lock horns with bottom-side Parma at the San Siro with the Nerazzurri desperate to snap a six-match winless run in all competitions. Rafael Benitez's Napoli side need to beat Roma to realistically qualify for the Champions League . Atalanta will try to give Edy Reja his first victory when they host Torino. The Bergamo club has not won since February 1. Cesena, with just one triumph away from home all season, travel to Verona to face Hellas. Domenico Di Carlo's Cesena have won one of their last seven league games and are five points adrift of safety. Chievo have lost just one of their last seven games to stave off the threat of relegation. They are in 15th place and 11 points clear of the drop zone heading into their game at Sassuolo.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri admits he does not expect to be fully embraced by fans.
Allegri has guided the club to a commanding lead in the race for the Scudetto.
Allegri has also guided the club into the Champions League quarter-finals.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 768, Total accepted tokens: 768, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: For residents of Celoron, N.Y., the statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is no laughing matter and hasn't been for the past six years. In 2009 the town unveiled a statue of Ball with a face so unlike the beloved comedian that locals have reacted with shock and horror. The depiction is so unflattering a Facebook page called 'We Love Lucy! Get Rid of this Statue' has attracted more than 600 likes. Scroll down for video . For residents of Celoron, N.Y., say a statue of hometown icon Lucile Ball is 'monstrous' The statue is based on a famous moment from Ball's show 'I Love Lucy,' in which she pitches an intoxicating health tonic while drunk . Yahoo reports that the anonymous man behind the page says he's a 'big fan of Lucy's.' 'Lucille Ball was not only an amazing comedienne, but she was a stunning beauty. Her sense of humor only made her more beautiful,” he told the site. 'This statue looks nothing like the beautiful Lucy we all know. If for no other reason than that... the statue should go.' He added: 'I don’t think this can be repaired. Take a look at the beautiful statues Nick at Nite created for ‘Bewitched’ and ‘The Honeymooners’ and Bob Newhart… it needs to be something more like those.' Artist Dave Poulin has declined comment. It would cost an estimated $8,000 to $10,000 for Poulin to recast the statue, according to the Celoron Mayor Scott Schrecengost. While the organizer said he is a fan of Poulin's work, this time he failed to do his subject justice. Artist Dave Poulin has declined to comment on the controversy surrounding his work . 'I think it looks like a monster. That is just my opinion,' he told Yahoo. 'When you see it at night, it is frightening.' The statue depicts Ball during one of her most loved moments on the pioneering show 'I Love Lucy,' her intoxicated pitch for the Vitameatavegamin health tonic. The statue was the latest way the town has tried to honor its most famous resident, with the Jameston area already home to a Lucille Ball Desi Arnaz Museum & Center for Comedy.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Statue of Lucile Ball unveiled in 2009 in Celoron, N.Y.
Facebook page says statue is 'monstrous' and needs to be removed.
Artist Dave Poulin has declined to comment on the controversy surrounding his work.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 769, Total accepted tokens: 769, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Arachnophobes beware - the following will make your blood run cold. A Victorian driver got a rude shock when a massive huntsman crawled out from inside his door handle. The spine-tinging video, which was captured in Wangaratta, northeast Victoria, begins with the man approaching his black Holden Ute and spraying the door with an insect repellent. The driver  sprays his car with insect repellent, forcing a huntsman spider to reveal itself from under the door handle . ‘Get out, you bast***,’ he stoically says to the spider. But the man appears less composed when the hairy huntsman’s legs pop out, yelping and cowering back in fright. ‘That’s the creepiest thing ever,’ he says between yelling expletives. ‘It’s a bloody super-spider!’ Having endured  enough of the spray, the spider drops onto road and retreats underneath the vehicle. 'Yeah, I love living in the bush,' declares the man. The spider drops onto road and retreats underneath the vehicle, much to the drivers relief . The video has already garnered hundreds of thousands of view on social media since being uploaded on Friday . Huntsman are a breed of spiders notorious for their formidable size and speed, though their venom is not considered dangerous for humans . The video, titled ‘Nothing worse than opening your car door and feeling something furry’, was uploaded to social media on Friday. It has already garnered over 100,000 views on YouTube and 12,000 shares on Facebook. Huntsman are a breed of spiders notorious for their formidable size and speed, though their venom is not considered dangerous for humans.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Huntsman spider crawls out of car door handle.
Victorian man gets a rude shock when spider emerges.
Huntsman are a breed of spiders notorious for their formidable size and speed.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 770, Total accepted tokens: 770, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has likened England hot-shot Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta and insisted he will be there to help him when things do not go to plan. Kane moved to within two strikes of the 30-goal barrier for the season after scoring on his full international debut some 79 seconds after coming on against Lithuania at Wembley last Friday night. England boss Roy Hodgson is mindful of keeping expectations in check for Kane, who has enjoyed a meteoric rise after finally breaking into the Spurs first-team following loan spells at the likes of Leicester and Norwich. Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino has compared Harry Kane to Gabriel Batistuta . Batistuta was an Argentina international who also played for Italian club Roma . Pochettino has said he will be there to help Kane when things are not going to plan for him . Pochettino (right) played alongside Batistuta with the Argentina international team . Former Argentina international Pochettino knows lows can come just as quickly as highs, so will be ready to offer Kane advice whenever it is needed. 'Harry Kane has skills that are similar to different players, including Batistuta. The challenge is doing it all again next season,' said Pochettino, who faced England in the 2002 World Cup finals in the same team as the renowned Argentina forward. 'Now it is up to him. Harry knows the way to improve his ability. He is in a very good moment to keep working hard and develop his game. 'You need to wait for the right moment to give a player the responsibility because sometimes we can see a player is ready, but not quite complete to assume the responsibility and keep the same level. 'Big players always have a good first season - like (Wayne) Rooney, after his first season a lot of people maybe had doubts about the next one, but this is football. 'It is not easy when the player goes down, this is our challenge, but not only with Harry, with all players. 'There may be people who doubt him about next season, but the people that know him understand, like us, know that Harry can keep the level he has shown.' England boss Hodgson wants Kane to continue his international development with the Under 21s this summer, after helping Gareth Southgate's team qualify unbeaten for the June tournament in Portugal. Spurs, meanwhile, are set for an end-of-season trip to Sydney for a match at the ANZ Stadium on May 30, with Kane expected to feature. Kane marked his England debut with a goal against Lithuania, 79 seconds after replacing Wayne Rooney . Roy Hodgson wants Kane to play for England Under 21s at the European Championships in the summer . Tottenham striker Kane (left) is nearing the 30-goal mark after an outstanding season . Pochettino, though, believes with the right discussions a positive solution for all parties can be found to avoid any potential of player burnout. The Tottenham manager said: 'It is only one week in Sydney. We need to analyse after the holidays, the amount of rest he will need (before the start of the 2015-16 campaign). 'Different players need different amounts of rest, so we will have a lot of different dates for players to start their pre-season.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says England striker Harry Kane is like Gabriel Batistuta.
Batistuta was an Argentina international who also played for Italian club Roma.
Pochettino says he will be there to help Kane when things are not going to plan for him.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 771, Total accepted tokens: 771, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Juventus director Pavel Nedved has revealed that Barcelona are interested in bringing Paul Pogba to the Nou Camp. In an interview with Mundo Deportivo, the former midfielder, who made 324 appearances for the Turin club, insisted the French star won't be moving anywhere. But he also admitted he was pleased Juve didn't draw the Catalan side in the quarter-finals of the Champions League. Pavel Nedved, pictured during his days as a Juventus player, has revealed Barcelona's interest in Paul Pogba . The Czech star, who is a director at Juventus, insisted that French midfielder Pogba will not be moving . Nedved said: We are aware that Barca and other big clubs want him but he has a contract with us.' Barca cannot acquire any players until 2016 after the Catalan club was punished for breaching rules regarding the signing of international players under the age of 18. Pogba has been strongly linked with a move to Paris St Germain this summer while former club United as well as neighbours Manchester City and Premier League leaders Chelsea are also reported to be interested in signing the midfielder. The Frenchman played a major role in helping Juventus clinch their third successive scudetto last season, scoring seven goals and setting up seven more in 36 Serie A appearances for the Bianconeri. Juve, who are still competing on three fronts this season, are currently without Pogba's services after he sustained a hamstring injury last month and was ruled out of action until May. 'We lose a lot without him,' Nedved said. 'He is a footballer with an enormous quality but we cannot cry about it. 'We have a great roster that can overcome his loss.' Nedved expressed his relief that Juventus avoided Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-finals . Nedved believes that Lionel Messi is currently in the greatest form of his career . Asked for his opinion on Barcelona, Nedved said: 'Barca are now so unpredictable and this makes them even more dangerous. 'With players like Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez, if they can run, they will. They were amazing against Manchester City and gave an exhibition. 'Messi is a fantastic player and I don't know what to think when I see him on the pitch. 'He's been at a high level for many years but maybe now he's having his best spell. It's great to see him enjoying playing football. 'I didn't want Barca in the quarter-finals. They are among the two best teams in Europe and favourites to win the Champions League alongside Bayern Munich. 'They are playing to a really high standard, as can be seen by their results over the past few months. Juventus are heading for another Scudetto, enjoying a 14-point lead over nearest challengers Roma . Nedved fires home against Real Madrid in the 2003 Champions League semi-final . Nedved in action for the Czech Republic during the 2006 World Cup group match with Ghana . Nedved, who made 91 appearances and scored 18 goals for the Czech Republic, added that Real Madrid are 'not at the level of last year,' when they beat Atletico Madrid to win the Champions League. Juventus, who have a massive 14-point lead over Roma in Italy, have drawn French team Monaco in the last eight. Although they are arguably the weakest team left in the competition, Nedved has warned against complacency. 'Obviously there were more famous opponents we could have drawn,' he said. 'But we must not underestimate Monaco. 'They went dangerously close to being knocked out at home, but they impressed me against Arsenal in London.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Juventus director Pavel Nedved says Barcelona are interested in bringing Paul Pogba.
The French midfielder has been linked with a move to Paris St Germain this summer.
Nedved says he is pleased Juventus avoided Barcelona in the Champions League quarter-finals.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 772, Total accepted tokens: 772, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A convicted sex offender was reportedly run over by his girlfriend after she allegedly caught him abusing a 12-year-old girl. James Oliver, 48, was left with a serious leg injury after being allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53. Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night, reports NBC News. James Oliver, 48, (left) was allegedly hit by a car driven by Linda Currier, 53 (right) who caught him allegedly trying to sexually assault a young girl . They said that the pair had argued inside the home after Currier caught him allegedly trying to sexually assault the young girl, authorities said. The dispute moved outside the home and then Currier allegedly hit Oliver with the car - he was taken to hospital. The 12-year-old girl did not require medical attention, officials said. Currier was arrested for operating under the influence and aggravated assault - she was later released on bail pending a court appearance. The dispute moved outside the home and then Currier allegedly hit Oliver with the car (pictured)  - he was taken to hospital . Police report that they found Oliver in the driveway of a home in Noblesboro, Maine, on Saturday night . Oliver was arrested on his release from hospital and charged with attempted gross sexual assault, unlawful sexual touching and failing to comply with the sex offender registration act for not updating his address . Oliver was arrested on his release from hospital and charged with attempted gross sexual assault, unlawful sexual touching and failing to comply with the sex offender registration act for not updating his address. On Tuesday he was transferred to a state prison where he was being held pending a court appearance. Oliver was previously convicted of sexual abuse of a minor and rape, according to the Maine Sex Offender Registry.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: James Oliver, 48, allegedly hit by car driven by Linda Currier, 53.
Police: Oliver was allegedly trying to sexually assault 12-year-old girl.
Girl did not require medical attention, officials said.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 773, Total accepted tokens: 773, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Liverpool target Neto is also wanted by PSG and clubs in Spain as Brendan Rodgers faces stiff competition to land the Fiorentina goalkeeper, according to the Brazilian's agent Stefano Castagna. The Reds were linked with a move for the 25-year-old, whose contract expires in June, earlier in the season when Simon Mignolet was dropped from the side. A January move for Neto never materialised but the former Atletico Paranaense keeper looks certain to leave the Florence-based club in the summer. Neto rushes from his goal as Juan Iturbe bears down on him during Fiorentina's clash with Roma in March . Neto is wanted by a number of top European clubs including Liverpool and PSG, according to his agent . It had been reported that Neto had a verbal agreement to join Serie A champions Juventus at the end of the season but his agent has revealed no decision about his future has been made yet. And Castagna claims Neto will have his pick of top European clubs when the transfer window re-opens in the summer, including Brendan Rodgers' side. 'There are many European clubs interested in Neto, such as for example Liverpool and Paris Saint-Germain,' Stefano Castagna is quoted as saying by Gazzetta TV. Firoentina goalkeeper Neto saves at the feet of Tottenham midfielder Nacer Chadli in the Europa League . 'In Spain too there are clubs at the very top level who are tracking him. Real Madrid? We'll see. 'We have not made a definitive decision, but in any case he will not accept another loan move elsewhere.' Neto, who represented Brazil at the London 2012 Olympics but has not featured for the senior side, was warned against joining a club as a No 2 by national coach Dunga. Neto joined Fiorentina from Atletico Paranaense in 2011 and established himself as No1 in the last two seasons.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Liverpool target Brazilian goalkeeper Neto as Simon Mignolet drops from side.
The Reds were linked with a move for the 25-year-old, whose contract expires in June.
The former Atletico Paranaense keeper looks certain to leave the Fiorentina club.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 774, Total accepted tokens: 774, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Not everyone should be behind the wheel of a $50,000 car. That's one lesson to take away from a video posted by YouTube user Richard Stewart showing a Porsche Cayman flying out of control as it speeds from a green light on Prince Edward Island in Canada. The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median. A wheel even comes off before the car finally comes to a halt. 'Just cause you have a nice car doesn't make you a good driver. Don't let your son drive your Porsche!" wrote Stewart on YouTube about the crash. KHOU reports that police have not made the identity of the driver public but have said that a 31-year-old driver was cited for the crash, leaving the car a totaled as it was towed away. The footage begins with the Porsche idling at a green light . The car booms ahead at a dangerous speed . Almost immediately the driver begins to lose control . The unidentified man verse wildly across the dividing line . The car is twisting at such dangerous speeds a wheel comes loose . Finally the car comes to a halt, a total wreck waiting for the tow truck .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: YouTube user Richard Stewart shows a Porsche Cayman flying out of control.
The sports car swerves wildly before smashing into the concrete median.
Police have not made the identity of the driver public.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 775, Total accepted tokens: 775, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: If Rory McIlroy succeeds in his bid to complete a career grand slam by winning the forthcoming Masters, it will complete a life-long journey for the world's best golfer. In conjunction with his sponsor Bose, McIlroy has released a video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world - plus a few low points along the way. The video begins with McIlroy embarking on a jog at the crack of dawn as the tagline 'Six weeks to Georgia' appears on the screen. The video features an interview with Rory McIlroy as a youngster before he became a golfing superstar . Old footage of McIlroy honing his golfing skills in his parent's living room feature during the video . McIlroy walks away after he threw his club into the lake at the WGC-Cadillac Championship in March . 'Dad took me out into the course and made me hit a couple of shots and that's how I got into golf,' says a young McIlroy at the beginning of the feature. The moments of triumph are not the only events covered in the video as McIlroy's implosion at the WGC Cadillac Championship when he threw his 3-iron in the lake out of sheer frustration is also touched upon. 'There's always going to be highs and lows,' says the Northern Irishman. 'There's been low points in my professional career. I think everybody goes through that at some part of their life where they're not quite comfortable with who they are and they're trying to figure themselves out. McIlroy gets through some tough gym work as he steps up his preparations for Augusta . 'I've never been a perfectionist, but I've always wanted to be the best that I can be,' McIlroy states . The Northern Irishman heads to Augusta hoping to complete a full set of major titles . 'I guess you just have to go back to the drawing board. It's just about figuring out what you need to do to put yourself back on the right track.' McIlroy's grueling training regime has been well documented with the video showcasing the Holywood native hard at work in the gym as he steps up his preparations for the big one in Augusta on April 9. 'I had this vision and this dream of trying to become the best player in the world and I just wanted to do everything I could to try and achieve that. McIlroy hits the road as the World No 1 steps up his training ahead of the 2015 Masters on April 9 . 'I've never been a perfectionist, but I've always wanted to be the best that I can be.' 'People didn't think that I worked as hard as I did. They think that it's mostly natural talent. They don't see the hard work that goes in behind it to be able to achieve these things.' He continues: 'I try to not talk about the Masters. People have been bringing it up since last year. It sort of means more this year because it's the only one that I haven't won. 'But, it's just another golf tournament. It can only distract from what you're trying to do which is to just go out and play as best as you can.' 'I think once you achieve something, you need to reset your goals. That's what gives you the motivation to keep coming back and keep practicing and keep trying to get better.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Rory McIlroy's video chronicling his journey from playing the back greens as a youngster to conquering the golfing world.
McIlroy's implosion at the WGC Cadillac Championship when he threw his 3-iron in the lake out of sheer frustration.
McIlroy heads to Augusta hoping to complete a full set of major titles.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 776, Total accepted tokens: 776, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sergio Garcia insists he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012 at this week's Shell Houston Open, despite the Masters being just around the corner. Rory McIlroy's bid for a third major victory in succession to complete the career grand slam, plus the question of whether Tiger Woods will end his self-imposed exile from the game, have dominated the agenda for weeks. But, although the Golf Club of Houston is set up to try to replicate some of the conditions the players will face at Augusta, Garcia is concentrating on ending his victory drought. Sergio Garcia lines up a putt during the Cadillac Championship in Doral, Florida last month . The 35-year-old, who finished third 12 months ago but went on to miss the cut at Augusta, told a pre-tournament press conference: 'I think that every single week it's a new story and some weeks you play terrible and then the next week you play amazing. 'Some weeks you play great and the next week you play terrible and some weeks I play great and then you play great. You never know what's going to come out. Obviously you hope and you wish that you play as best as you can. 'I think that there's no doubt that obviously the Masters is in the back of our minds, but I'm here to play well, to get in some good rhythm, to have a chance at winning this week and then as soon as Sunday finishes then I'll concentrate on the Masters. Garcia hits his approach from the fairway at the TPC Blue Monster Course last month . 'I'm not going to be on the golf course this week thinking maybe let's try this shot because I'll have it next week on the 12th or on the 15th or something like that. No. I'm going to be focused on what I want to achieve here and then when Sunday finishes then I can concentrate on next week. 'I felt really comfortable here when I came last year. I wanted to try it again this year and hopefully I'll do better next week, too.' Spaniard Garcia plays out of the trees by the 11th hole at Augusta during the Masters in 2013 . Garcia is also comfortable with the fact that he may never win a major after coming close yet again in the Open last year, finishing second behind McIlroy at Hoylake. 'If it comes down to me not winning any majors when I'm done with my golfing career, I'm not going to be sad,' he added. 'It's not the main thing. Obviously it's something nice to have, and if I get it I'm not going to give it back, but it's not the main thing in my life. 'I think as you get older, as you get more and more experience, you realize the important things in life. I'm not saying that winning a major is not important, but it's not the most important thing in the world. I think there's a lot of other things that you can do that can not only fulfil you as a player, but also as a person.' Garcia (left) stands beside Rickie Fowler with their runner-up trophies at last year's Open at Hoylake . Garcia and Texas native Jordan Spieth are the only players in the world's top 10 left in the field after the withdrawals of Henrik Stenson and Jimmy Walker. World number two Stenson has the flu and cancelled a trip to Augusta, while Walker headed to Augusta after winning the Valero Texas Open but was taken ill and joined Stenson in pulling out. The winner in Houston will qualify for the Masters if they are not already exempt.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sergio Garcia says he is focused on winning his first PGA Tour title since 2012.
The 35-year-old Spaniard says he is not thinking about the Masters.
Garcia is the only player in the world's top 10 left in the field after the withdrawals of Henrik Stenson and Jimmy Walker.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 777, Total accepted tokens: 777, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Jailed: Riki Hughes stole £17,000 from the football club where he volunteered as club secretary . A veteran of the Iraq war stole thousands of pounds from a children's football club and spent the money on a stag trip to Las Vegas. Lance Corporal Riki Hughes has been jailed for 16 months after he plundered the accounts of Tidworth Town Football Club, where he volunteered as club secretary. He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord - even though the team was actually getting its property for free. Hughes, 31, spent the money on himself, including camping equipment and a stag holiday to Las Vegas, Salisbury Crown Court heard. The former soldier, who served two tours in Iraq, pleaded guilty to stealing £17,000, but the club claimed that the total theft amounted to £26,000. He made out 70 bogus rent payments to an account he'd set up in the name of landlord Aspire Defence, which was not charging the club rent. Judge Andrew Barnett said: 'For two years you milked the funds of that football club, set up principally for those involved in the services and their children. 'You in effect treated a great deal of club money as your own. It was spent on personal luxuries. That's a disgraceful thing to do.' Hughes, from Andover in Hampshire, has been working as a telecoms engineer since he left the Army. Holiday: Hughes spent the money on a stag holiday in Las Vegas, pictured, and camping equipment . The court heard that he had an exemplary career in the military, and no prior criminal record. Relatives burst into tears when Hughes was sentenced to 16 months in prison. Speaking after the case, Tidworth Town chairman said the Wiltshire club was happy that justice had been done. 'It's a relief we can put this to bed now,' he said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Riki Hughes has been jailed for 16 months after he stole £17,000 from Tidworth Town Football Club.
He claimed to be making rent payments to the club's landlord.
The former soldier spent the money on himself, including a stag holiday to Las Vegas.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 778, Total accepted tokens: 778, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Mustafa Kamal resigned as ICC president on Wednesday, accusing India of influencing the outcome of the Cricket World Cup quarter-final against Bangladesh. 'Everyone saw what happened during the Bangladesh-India match ... India has influenced the outcome of the match using its position (in the ICC),' Kamal, a Bangladeshi, said at the airport on his return from the tournament in Australia. 'From now on, I am a former president of the ICC. I would have reacted similarly had it happened to any other country.' Mustafa Kamal, pictured with the Cricket World Cup trophy, has stepped down as ICC President . Kamal has stepped down amid accusations that India influenced the outcome of a World Cup match . Kamal, also president of the Bangladesh Cricket Board, criticised the umpires in the quarter-final, and questioned their partiality, over a disputed no-ball against India batsman Rohit Sharma. Kamal said he spoke as a fan, and not the president, but International Cricket Council chief executive Dave Richardson termed the criticism as 'unfortunate.' Kamal also said the ICC asked him to either withdraw his statement or apologise for his outburst, otherwise he would be denied the duty of handing the World Cup trophy to the winning captain at the final. Kamal presents India's Virat Kohli with a man of the match award during the 2014 World Twenty20 . 'I told them during the meeting that I did not speak against any particular person or a country. Why should I apologise?,' Kamal said. 'I am the president of the ICC, to whom would I seek apology?' ICC chairman Narayanaswami Srinivasan, of India, handed over the trophy to captain Michael Clarke after Australia defeated New Zealand by seven wickets in Sunday's final in Melbourne.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: ICC president Mustafa Kamal resigns amid accusations that India influenced the outcome of a World Cup match.
Kamal, a Bangladeshi, has stepped down amid accusations that India influenced the outcome of a World Cup match.
Kamal has stepped down amid accusations that India influenced the outcome of a World Cup match.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 779, Total accepted tokens: 779, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has defended Nigel Pearson and admires the Leicester City boss for being 'his own man.' Allardyce had Pearson on his coaching staff when he was Newcastle United manager in 2007, and the pair will be reunited when West Ham face Leicester at the King Power Stadium on Saturday. Pearson has been involved in several controversial incidents this season, including grabbing Crystal Palace's James McArthur by the throat and losing his cool with a reporter during a press conference. Leicester City boss Nigel Pearson (left) has been involved in a number of controversial incidents this season . However, West Ham manager Sam Allardyce has defended Pearson and says that he is 'his own man' In February, Pearson was involved in an altercation with Crystal Palace midfielder James McArthur . It has added to speculation Pearson will be sacked by Leicester with the club sitting bottom of the Barclays Premier League, but Allardyce feels his former colleague has done an 'unbelievable job'. 'He's his own man. He has his own methods and believes in not only himself but what he is doing,' Allardyce said. 'Occasionally as we all get under pressure, we may make odd comments or the odd mistake, but we're human beings like everybody else. 'He's done an unbelievable job, not just at Leicester but as a manager.' Leicester are seven points from safety, albeit with a game in hand against leaders Chelsea, but Allardyce feels Pearson will be frustrated because their performances do not warrant their lowly position. Leicester defender Robert Huth (centre) in action during the club's session at Belvoir Drive Training Ground . 'I think overall Nigel must be pulling out his hair,' Allardyce added. 'Why have those performances not given them more results? That's the cruciality of the Premier League. 'On occasion his team have been in the ascendency. They have not taken advantage of it by not scoring or converting chances. They've paid the ultimate price in the end. That's this level for you. 'There are critical moments and if you don't take them, they're very costly indeed. Performances are always important, but in the end it's a results business.' West Ham scored with their only two shots on target against Leicester when they beat them 2-0 in December, and Pearson will try to end a goal-drought at the King Power Stadium that is five hours and 15 minutes long. Leicester's Danny Drinkwater (left) and David Nugent (right) are put through their paces in training . Pearson talks to his Leicester squad ahead of their Premier League game against West Ham on Saturday .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: West Ham manager Sam Allardyce defends Leicester City boss Nigel Pearson.
Pearson has been involved in several controversial incidents this season.
Allardyce says Pearson is 'his own man' and has done an 'unbelievable job'
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 780, Total accepted tokens: 780, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Skipper John O'Shea has challenged Sunderland to keep their fate in their own hands by securing a fifth successive derby victory over Newcastle. The Wear-Tyne rivals meet at the Stadium of Light on Sunday with Sunderland having won the last four meetings, but in grave need of three points to ease themselves away from the developing battle for Barclays Premier League survival. O'Shea and his team-mates could find themselves inside the relegation zone by the time they run out if Burnley get the better of Tottenham in the day's earlier kick-off, and that would make three points a necessity. John O'Shea, pictured playing for Ireland at the weekend, wants a fifth straight derby win against Newcastle . The Black Cats captain celebrates scoring against Newcastle in the Tyne-Wear derby of 2012 . The Republic of Ireland international told SAFSee: 'That's the big issue: whoever we were facing this weekend, be in Newcastle, be it Crystal Palace, be it Southampton, whoever the case may be, it's a case of getting the three points as soon as we can and getting everyone energised again and looking forward to the remaining games. 'Look, we know we're not in the position that we'd like to be in, but we know we can get out of it. It's in our hands.' After a dreadful run of results against their arch-rivals, the Black Cats have fared rather well in recent times, winning the last three at St James' Park and the most recent game on Wearside. Asked what lay behind that run of results, O'Shea said: 'Staying together as a unit, keeping the team spirit strong, working as a unit all over the pitch and taking chances. 'Making sure we got clean sheets and also whether it was early or late in the game, making sure we took chances - they were the keys, and obviously having a strong squad as well because there were a couple of times where there were changes in the line-up before games. Jermain Defoe rues a missed opportunity during defeat to West Ham in Sunderland's previous game . 'Everyone has got to be mentally prepared to start the game, and obviously anything can happen then in the 90 minutes. 'Look, it's one of those things, we have a chance of creating a fantastic record against a big rival, the main rival for us, so it's a fantastic opportunity. 'But ultimately, it comes down to wanting it more on the day and hopefully, that will be the case.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sunderland meet Newcastle at Stadium of Light on Sunday.
Sunderland have won the last four meetings with the Black Cats.
Sunderland captain John O'Shea says they need three points to ease away from relegation battle.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 781, Total accepted tokens: 781, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Stoke boss Mark Hughes is in no doubt it is high time the club brought their run of fruitless trips to Stamford Bridge to an end. Since gaining promotion to the Barclays Premier League in 2008, the Potters have played Chelsea away eight times in all competitions and lost on every occasion. They did win their last visit to the Londoners' ground previous to that, a League Cup triumph in 1995, but it is not since a 1-1 draw between the two sides in 1984 that Stoke have claimed a point there. Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says his side must end their barren run at Chelsea . Frank Lampard (right) celebrates  as Chelsea beat Stoke 3-0 on their most recent visit to Stamford Bridge . Adding to that in Saturday's 5.30pm clash at the stadium certainly looks a tall order - leaders Chelsea have won 11 and drawn three of their 14 home league games this season. But Hughes, who has seen his 10th-placed side notch victories at the likes of Manchester City and Tottenham already this term, is adamant Stoke must address their poor Stamford Bridge record. Former Chelsea striker Hughes said: 'It's not easy. Our record there hasn't been great - but that could be said of most clubs in the Premier League recently. 'I'm told that the last time we got a positive result there (in the league) was 1984 and my first-team coach (Eddie Niedzwiecki) was in goal for Chelsea. 'I don't know what that says about the quality of Stoke in those days - or if it questions the ability of my first-team coach! Stoke forward Jonathan Walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available . Marc Muniesa is set to return to the squad after missing five games because of a hamstring problem . 'But it has been a long time and we need to address that. We have been able to go to the likes of Manchester City and Tottenham this year (and get results) and our away form for the most part has been good. 'We have proved to ourselves that we can go to top clubs and get positive results, and hopefully we will do more of the same at the weekend.' Stoke forward Jonathan Walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available for Saturday's contest and defender Marc Muniesa is set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games because of a hamstring problem. The Potters also have Victor Moses fit again - but he will not be able to feature this weekend as the opposition is the on-loan winger's parent club.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says his side must end their barren run at Chelsea.
The Potters have lost every visit to Stamford Bridge since gaining promotion to the Premier League.
Victor Moses is expected to return to the squad after missing five games because of a hamstring problem.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 782, Total accepted tokens: 782, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Newcastle will be keen to avoid a third defeat on the spin when they take on rivals Sunderland in Sunday’s crunch derby after floundering in recent weeks without banned striker Papiss Cisse. It is Dick Advocaat’s side who are struggling at the foot of the Barclays Premier League table – sitting perilously one point above the bottom three - but Sportsmail can reveal that John Carver’s team would be two points ADRIFT of their foes in the relegation zone if it weren’t for Cisse’s goals. The Senegal forward is Newcastle’s top scorer this season with 11 goals, with 10 of those decisive in changing games in the Magpies’ favour. Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals - 10 of those were decisive . 20 September Hull (h) 2-2 (2 goals) 4 October Swansea (a) 2-2 (2 goals) 2 December Burnley (a) 1-1 (1 goal) 6 December Chelsea (h) 2-1 (2 goals) 26 December Man Utd (a) 1-3 (1 goal) 28 December Everton (h) 3-2 (1 goal) 11 February Crystal Palace (a) 1-1 (1 goal) 28 February Aston Villa (h) (1 goal) Since his double against Hull rescued a 2-2 draw in September, Cisse has earned Newcastle 11 points with his goalscoring heroics — almost single-handedly lifting them to mid-table. Take those goals away and the Premier League reads somewhat differently. Newcastle languish in 18th place on 24 points in the fantasy table behind Sunderland on 26. They would have scored just 22 times — the second fewest in the division behind Aston Villa — and won only six games. Six of Cisse’s strikes have been against sides in the bottom half and Burnley, Hull, Everton, and Villa would have leapfrogged a Newcastle side shorn of the striker. After his brace against Steve Bruce’s side, Cisse scored another double to clinch a 2-2 draw against Swansea two weeks later. His next goal was a second-half equaliser in a 1-1 with Burnley in December and, four days later, hit another two to seal a 2-1 victory over Chelsea. Later that month he netted in a 3-2 triumph over Everton while in February he scored against his former manager Alan Pardew at Crystal Palace in a 1-1 draw. Cisse also supplied the cutting edge to snatch a 1-0 victory against Villa. The Senegalese striker is currently serving a seven-game ban after clashing with Jonny Evans . 5 April Sunderland (a) 13 April Liverpool (a) 19 April Tottenham (h) 25 April Swansea (h) 2 May Leicester (a) His only goal which hasn’t had affected the outcome of a match was a late consolation penalty in a 3-1 defeat at Old Trafford on Boxing Day. Even when Cisse hasn’t found the net, however, he still has a beneficial impact. Newcastle have a points-to-games ratio of 1.37 when the striker plays but just 0.9 when he doesn’t. In reality, there is little cause for concern as Carver’s side currently sit 10 points clear of the drop zone. But after their trip to the Stadium of Light they will face top-four chasing Liverpool and Tottenham in the coming weeks. Newcastle will be hoping they aren’t looking over their shoulders when Cisse returns for their final three games of the campaign. Cisse nets against Burnley at Turf Moor, a goal that saw Newcastle earn a point in December .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Newcastle will be keen to avoid a third defeat on the spin when they take on rivals Sunderland in Sunday's crunch derby.
The Magpies are struggling at the foot of the Barclays Premier League table.
Papiss Cisse is Newcastle's top scorer this season with 11 goals.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 783, Total accepted tokens: 783, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tottenham defender Ben Davies will allow no room for sentiment up against Wales team-mate Sam Vokes at Burnley on Sunday. Spurs head to Turf Moor looking to sustain a decent run following just one defeat, at Manchester United, from four Barclays Premier League matches before the international break as they look to keep alive hopes of European qualification. Burnley, meanwhile, are scrapping for survival, currently 18th, but just a point from safety. Burnley's Sam Vokes celebrates scoring against Tottenham in the FA Cup earlier this season, with Spurs defender Ben Davies turning away following the Clarets' equaliser in the third round at Turf Moor . Davies chases a loose ball for Tottenham along with Chelsea's Willian earlier this season in a Barclays Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge which the Blues won 3-0 . Clarets forward Vokes and full-back Davies were part of the Wales team which beat Israel 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifying tie. However, Davies maintains there can be no quarter given should he get the chance of a first Spurs appearance since the 2-1 win at QPR. 'I have played alongside Sam with Wales for a good couple of years now and it is always strange coming up against somebody who is normally a team-mate, but regardless of that Burnley is a tough place to go,' Davies said on Tottenham's official website. 'Burnley are a well-organised team and they can make it very difficult for their opponents. They have taken points off some big teams this year, so we need to go there and make sure that we are focused and be wary of the threats that they have got.' With points at a premium at both ends of the table, Davies knows what is at stake over the run-in. Sam Vokes attempts to fire a shot in on goal for Wales as Israel's Tal Ben Haim lunges in during Saturday's Euro 2016 qualifier in Haifa . Davies was also part of the Wales team which triumphed in Israel (right) as he slides in to block a cross . 'Everybody is fighting for something. Every team needs the points at this stage of the season and they want to win every game they can,' the defender added. 'It is going to be no different on Sunday. We are going there and we have got to be ready to match their challenge.' Dutch goalkeeper Michel Vorm is set to deputise for Hugo Lloris, who has a knee injury. Full-back Danny Rose will be assessed after returning early from an England call-up with hamstring and hip issues. Spurs had some 13 players away on senior international duty, with striker Harry Kane again impressing for the Three Lions, scoring on his debut against Lithuania at Wembley, while Andros Townsend netted an equaliser against Italy in Turn on Tuesday night, when midfielder Ryan Mason made his bow. Manager Mauricio Pochettino believes the squad can take that positive mood back into domestic duty. He said: 'It has been a very good week for Tottenham. The English players and others with their international teams have put in good performances. They are all fit and at a very good level too. 'It is always difficult after the international break, but we need to make it a good performance and win the game.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tottenham defender Ben Davies will allow no room for sentiment up against Wales team-mate Sam Vokes at Burnley on Sunday.
Spurs head to Turf Moor looking to sustain a decent run following just one defeat, at Manchester United, from four Barclays Premier League matches before the international break.
Burnley, meanwhile, are scrapping for survival, currently 18th, but just a point from safety.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 784, Total accepted tokens: 784, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Neil Redfearn is considering his position as manager of Leeds United after the club suspended his assistant Steve Thompson on Thursday. Leeds took two months to appoint Thompson but he was told in a letter from director of football Nicola Salerno yesterday morning that he was be suspended until the end of the season effectively ending his time at Elland Road after 105 days. Thompson is understood to have been told that he will be suspended until his contract expires at the end of the season. He has also been informed that an option to renew his deal will not be taken up by the club. Leeds United assistant manager Steve Thompson (left) has been suspended by the club . Thompson's suspension has left manager Neil Redfearn considering his future at Elland Road . A club statement read: 'The director of football Nicola Salerno, has today (April 2) suspended the assistant coach Steve Thompson from his duties at the club. This is an internal matter and the club will make no further comment on this internal issue.' Redfearn, the club's third coach of the season, took training before attending a delayed press conference and said: 'It’s become difficult for me. It’s not ideal timing. It’s not helped. I’ve got to have a good think about my future now. It undermines everything. We have put things together me and Steve. Before it was a no brainer for me to stay on, not so much now. 'I love this club, I was brought up on Leeds United but this situation is a difficult one for me . 'Thommo was informed this morning through a letter. He’s been suspended - for what, I don’t know. You’d have to find that out from the club. I don’t understand why he has been suspended. I’m bitterly disappointed. It’s a difficult one for me to take, I can’t think for one minute why someone who has been part of this success has been sacked. 'Me and Steve were the ideal partnership, he’s been great for me and I’m bitterly disappointed that he’s not here.' Redfearn’s contract is also up at the end of the season and club president Massimo Cellino is suspended until May 3. Sol Bamba heads home in a recent win for the Whites at Fulham's Craven Cottage . Leeds sit 13th in the Championship table but were unbeaten in March and take on Blackburn Rovers on Saturday. It is also understood that Redfearn is under pressure not to select top scorer Mirco Antenucci who will trigger a bonus clause in his contract should he score two more goals. Thompson is taking advice from the LMA while Salerno's own position is thought to be open to review at the end of the season.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Leeds United assistant manager Steve Thompson suspended until end of season.
Thompson informed that he will be suspended until his contract expires.
Thompson's suspension has left manager Neil Redfearn considering his future at Elland Road.
Thput (tok/s): 34.00 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 785, Total accepted tokens: 785, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: John Carver says he will use a whip if he has to in a bid to motivate his Newcastle players ahead of Sunday’s Tyne-Wear derby at the Stadium of Light. The Magpies have lost the last four matches against their North-East rivals and head coach Carver – who was assistant to Alan Pardew during that wretched run – admits that Sunderland wanted victory more than United on those occasions. ‘In the last four games Sunderland have out-worked us - and that's not a good stat to have,’ he said. John Carver says he will 'whip' his players to make sure they're motivated to beat Sunderland on Sunday . Dick Advocaat will take charge of his second game as boss and will want to keep Sunderland's record going . ‘I'll be making sure that doesn't happen again and I'll be using a whip to make sure we don't get out-worked.’ There is a suggestion that Newcastle will struggle for motivation given the comfort of their mid-table position compared to the Black Cats, who are fighting for Premier League survival. But Carver said: ‘I disagree, we’ve got everything to play for. That’s not just because of our respective league positions, we've lost the last four derbies and drawn the previous one. Moussa Sissoko (left) will captain Newcastle but he's been poor in his previous appearances in the derby . Newcastle players warm up during a training session at St. James' Park as they prepare for Sunderland . ‘We've got an awful lot to prove. I shouldn't have to motivate players to play in a Premier League match. This is a big occasion.' He added: ‘A lot of people out there say that because we've got a lot of foreign players they don't know what the game means, but that's an easy excuse. ‘With the staff we've got here we drum it into them every single day. You have to cope with the heat of the derby, it can make you or break you.’ Massadio Haidara's knee injury will keep him out of action for the rest of the Premier League campaign . Mehdi Abeid (centre) will be included in the squad and could feature at the Stadium of Light on Sunday . Jack Colback (left) will be in for a hostile reception while Siem de Jong is still unavailable through injury . Tim Krul returned from international duty unscathed and will play in goal for the North-East derby . Suspended captain Fabricio Coloccini (left) leads the team in the warm-up at St.James' Park . The Newcastle players will be looking to end the run of four successive defeats against Sunderland . Emmanuel Riviere (left) and Jonas Gutierrez compete for possession during Friday's training session . Newcastle will be skippered by France midfielder Moussa Sissoko, who has disappointed in the derby fixtures of late. And Carver said: ‘It'll be nice for Moussa to impose his presence. There's one or two lads in that dressing room who need a good game in the derby because they've not done in the past. ‘If we get enough payers imposing themselves on the game then we have a good chance of winning it.’ Meanwhile, Carver confirmed that defender Massadio Haidara will miss the rest of the season following knee surgery but Mehdi Abeid is expected to be in the squad. Advocaat with coach Paul Bracewell  during a Sunderland training session at the Academy of Light . The Dutchman could join Gus Poyet and Paolo di Canio in beating Newcastle in their first attempts in charge . Will Buckley (left) during a pass and move session as Sunderland prepare for Sunday's North-East derby . Lee Cattermole (left) and Jermain Defoe will want to keep their sides record against Newcastle going . Defoe has possession in a game of keep ball at the Academy of Light in preparation for derby day . Jordi Gomez (left) and Jack Rodwell have been ever presents for Sunderland and could start on Sunday .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Newcastle head coach John Carver says he will use a whip to motivate his players.
Carver says Sunderland wanted victory more than Newcastle on those occasions.
Carver says Newcastle players will be looking to end the run of four successive defeats.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 786, Total accepted tokens: 786, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: David Templeton has delivered a damning critique of the training-ground methods deployed at Rangers by Ally McCoist and Kenny McDowall. The Ibrox winger claimed Stuart McCall had brought a brand of coaching and tactical preparation he felt was lacking under the previous management. Templeton praised the impact the former Motherwell boss has made since his arrival on a short-term deal last month, with back-to-back wins having revived confidence ahead of Saturday's home meeting with Championship title-winners Hearts. Rangers winger David Templeton is full of praise for the impact of new boss Stuart McCall . Templeton says that McCall's training ground methods are superior to the previous management's . 'For me, it's a coaching thing,' said Templeton, assessing the changes under the new leadership. 'We're being coached more and, building up to games, we're working on different formations, which players are going to play, movements, all different stuff, like most teams probably do. 'For me, it has been great, every boy going into a game knows what they have to do, basically. 'The tempo of training, the intensity, everything has been right up and it has been really enjoyable actually, but tough. That's what we needed.' Asked if that was not the case beforehand, Templeton simply replied: 'No.' Pressed to expand, he added: 'I don't think we were being coached the right way. We weren't going into games working on the stuff I think we should have been working on, which we are doing now and that is showing with the results. 'We should probably still have won games that we didn't. But going into games knowing what you have to do does definitely help and I think that showed in the Hibs game two weeks ago. 'We changed the formation and shut out their midfield, their most creative part, and that showed with the result. They didn't create any chances - I don't think Cammy (Bell) had a save to make. That was just through working on things during the week.' Former boss McCoist was placed on garden leave last December with assistant McDowall becoming caretaker manager. He then stepped down when McCall and Kenny Black arrived. Despite his unflattering assessment, Templeton insisted he was not attacking the qualities of McCoist or McDowall. 'It's not that I think it's better coaching,' said Templeton. 'Every coach has a different style. 'The way we were going, we needed to work on things to get back to playing well and defending well. 'We were gifting too many goals and I think that was just through not working on the back four or back three, whatever we were playing. I don't think that he' s a bad coach or anything, just that since the manager has come in we've worked on stuff we had to work on.' Templeton has singled out the change in formation and new-found intensity as behind the improvement .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: David Templeton praises new Rangers manager Stuart McCall.
McCall's training-ground methods are superior to the previous management's.
McCoist was placed on garden leave last December with assistant McDowall becoming caretaker manager.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 787, Total accepted tokens: 787, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Celta Vigo forward Nolito has declared that Lionel Messi should hit the Spanish coast on Sunday instead of risking his foot injury during their La Liga clash. The Barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem, and is set to recover in time for the trip to Celta, but 28-year-old Nolito has urged the Argentine to stay away. 'I guess he'll come, but he can spend the day at the beach as far as I'm concerned,' Nolito told Marca. 'I'll give his dad a ring in a minute.' Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo for Barcelona after recovering from a foot injury . Barcelona forward trains alongside team-mate Javier Mascherano (centre) on Thursday . Nolito played alongside Messi for a period at Barcelona, but struggled to impress at the Catalan club that are four points clear at the top of La Liga this season. Celta currently sit 10th in the table, although Nolito insists that his team-mates do not fear Messi and Co. 'The games have to be played,' Nolito added. 'You never know what's going to happen. 'Celta aren't scared of any opposition, regardless of whether they are the best team in the world. We've got nothing to lose.' Messi was forced to sit out both of Argentina's friendlies during the international break . Celta Vigo forward Nolito has declared that Messi should head to the beach rather than playing his team .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nolito: Messi can spend the day at the beach as far as I'm concerned.
The Barcelona forward has been training following a minor problem.
Lionel Messi should be fit to face Celta Vigo for Barcelona.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 788, Total accepted tokens: 788, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr. The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week and they are keen to get him on board for what is expected to be confirmed as a campaign in League One next season. Piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for Colorado Rapids. The former Austria Under-21 international had a spell with Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2011. Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr (left), pictured playing for Colorado Rapids . He has never played in England but Blackpool could give the defender his first chance. The Tangerines are preparing for life in League One next year as they sit bottom of the Championship on 23 points ahead of their trip to Bolton on Saturday. The club had won just four matches all season - none away from home - before they made the journey to the Macron Stadium. Obafemi Martins of the Seattle Sounders dribbles against  Piermayr in April 2014 before he left .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Blackpool are in talks to sign Austria defender Thomas Piermayr.
The 25-year-old has been training with the Championship club this week.
Blackpool are preparing for life in League One next year.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 789, Total accepted tokens: 789, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tony Pulis is plotting talks with West Bromwich Albion chairman Jeremy Peace once Premier League safety is secured to ensure the club can become a top-ten team again. Pulis said West Brom has 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons and needs fundamental improvements to get back on track. West Brom finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke before struggling for survival in a chaotic campaign last season before finishing 17th. West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis (left) shouts instructions from the sideline against Man City . They were in danger of the drop again this year with Alan Irvine in charge, one point and one place above the relegation zone, before Pulis arrived and sparked an upturn in form. Pulis wants to do extensive business in the summer market, with Neil Taylor and Bakary Sako two players on Pulis' shopping list, and discussions with Peace will follow confirmed survival. The Baggies almost got relegated under Alan Irvine (above) last season before Pulis arrived to save the day . 'We will talk about it (summer transfer market) once we have achieved our goals - which is to stay up. We are still points away from that,' said Pulis. 'Once that is achieved we will sit down and talk to the chairman. It is a good football club, everything is in place. 'It has gone a little bit off the rails in the last two or three years. I don't think anyone can argue about that, it is now just about trying to get it back on track.' Wolves winger Bakary Sako (right) is a player that Pulis wants to bring on board during the summer . Pulis, who welcomes Queens Park Rangers to the Hawthorns on Saturday, added: 'We will never look any further than beyond what is directly in front of us and the QPR game is massive; that's what we're focused on. 'But it's a good club and it's a club which I think can be a top 10 club in the Premier League. 'That is the ambition I have and I know the chairman has too. He accepts that it has drifted a bit in the past couple of seasons and we all want to get it going forward again.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: West Bromwich Albion manager Tony Pulis talks to Premier League chairman Jeremy Peace.
Pulis says West Brom has 'gone off the rails' in recent seasons.
Pulis says West Brom finished 10th and 8th under Roy Hodgson and Steve Clarke.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 790, Total accepted tokens: 790, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Arsenal legend Ian Wright would be disappointed to see Theo Walcott leave north London, and believes his troubled times at the club are down to Arsene Wenger's refusal to play him as a striker. Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season since returning from a serious knee injury after seven months on the sidelines. And with Arsenal pursuing Raheem Sterling and Walcott's contract set to run out next summer, Wright is worried that the Gunners could stand to lose a valuable player. Theo Walcott could be on the way out of Arsenal, and Gunners legend Ian Wright says that would be 'a shame' Wright enjoys Walcott as a player and hinted that he would like to see the winger stay at the club . Walcott started up front for England against Italy on Tuesday but his appearances have been limited this year . 'It's a shame for him, and the fact that people are talking about him maybe moving on if someone else comes in makes me quite sad,' he said. 'I really like him at Arsenal but he's got massive decisions to make in the next few months.' Wright also believes the England wideman, who was played in a central role for his country in Italy on Tuesday night, should have been moved into a similar position for his Arsenal. Walcott's pace had seen him likened to the Gunners' record goalscorer Thierry Henry, who made a similar positional switch during his time in north London, but manager Wenger has only briefly experimented with Walcott as a striker. Thierry Henry was prolific as a striker for Arsenal after being moved inside from his familiar wide role . Arsene Wenger has only briefly used Walcott up front, and Wright says it should have been persisted with . Liverpool's Raheem Sterling is an Arsenal target who also has his contract expiring in the near future . 'I always believed Theo should have been a striker at Arsenal with his pace. I thought playing him on the right would last so long and then he would get moved inside,' Wright told Goal. I'm not saying he's the same kind of player as Thierry Henry by any stretch, but I thought Arsene would move him inside. 'I think that's been to his detriment, because he would have learned a lot more about the game and runs he'd have to make. I've seen him finish very well when he gets into one-on-one situations.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Arsenal legend Ian Wright says Theo Walcott should be moved to striker.
Walcott has made just five starts for Arsenal this season since returning from injury.
Walcott's contract set to run out next summer.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 791, Total accepted tokens: 791, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Roberto  Martinez is backing Ross Barkley to become an even more influential player for Everton and England after negotiating second-season syndrome at Goodison Park. Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for the Toffees on the back of his inclusion in last summer’s England World Cup party and a knee operation which disrupted his return to domestic duty. But England coach Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the 21-year-old and Martinez believes his two substitute appearances for England against Lithuania and Italy over the past week have shown that the midfielder is ready to kick on again. Roberto Martinez is backing Ross Barkley to become an even more influential player for Everton and England . Barkley impressed after coming off the substitutes bench during England's 1-1 draw in Turin . Martinez said: 'Ross is a young man but he is used to having to deal with extremes. When he plays well he is probably the best footballer England has. When he has a bad game it’s the end of the world. 'He has achieved an incredible level of maturity this season. 'He had to go through a period of difficulty the same way we have as a team and I think he has learned a lot. 'It doesn’t surprise me, he has had a big impact when he came on in both games with England. He was ready to do that. Barkley replaced Theo Walcott in the second half and looked bright as the Three Lions earned a draw . The 21-year-old celebrates after scoring for Everton during their 3-0 victory against Newcastle . 'He will benefit from the experiences of this difficult season. This is his second full season in an important role in the squad. He enjoys that responsibility and taking responsibility in big games. 'He has an incredible technical ability and, with the physicality he has, you don’t see many players in world football with those capabilities. 'We know who Ross is and how important he is for the future of Everton.” Everton’s struggles this season have seen them flirt with relegation and although wins over Newcastle and QPR have eased their plight, Martinez insists guaranteeing safety is still their only immediate target going into Saturday’s visit of sixth-placed Southampton. Martinez insists guaranteeing safety is still Everton's only immediate target ahead of Saturday's match . The Everton boss added: 'There’s no distraction from our league position. That’s everything that matters. 'Those two wins have given us a real sense of confidence and belief for what’s in front of us. 'Forty points is still the target. Nothing has changed until we achieve that and then we will try and get as high up the table as we can.' Top scorer Romelu Lukaku will face a fitness test on the hamstring injury that kept him out of Belgium’s internationals but midfielder Darron Gibson is expected to be fit to face the Saints. Wingers Kevin Mirallas and Steven Pienaar have also recovered from injury and could be included. Top scorer Romelu Lukaku (centre) will face a fitness test on his hamstring injury .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Everton coach Roberto Martinez backs Ross Barkley to become an even more influential player for Everton and England.
Barkley has had an indifferent campaign for the Toffees on the back of his inclusion in last summer's England World Cup party.
England coach Roy Hodgson has kept faith with the 21-year-old and Martinez believes his two substitute appearances for England have shown that the midfielder is ready to kick on again.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 792, Total accepted tokens: 792, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: England will not be playing in the Under 19 European Championships this summer after losing 2-1 to France in their decisive final qualifier. Having beaten Denmark and Azerbaijan in their opening Elite Round qualifiers, the Young Lions had to beat France in Saint-Lo to advance to July's finals in Greece . But goals from Sehrou Guirassy and Gnaly Cornet put the hosts in command and a late response from Fulham's Patrick Roberts wasn't enough to rescue Sean O'Driscoll's team. Patrick Roberts was on target for England's Young Lions against France but it wasn't enough to qualify . Boosted by the return of Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Harry Winks from suspension, O'Driscoll reverted to the line-up that had beaten Denmark 3-2 late last week. A swirling wind in Normandy made playing conditions difficult, with any long balls ineffective, and consequently the first period saw very few chances. France managed to take one of theirs, however, just after the half-hour mark. Neal Maupay fired the ball into a crowded penalty area and Guirassy had the presence of mind to divert it past England goalkeeper Angus Gunn. Chelsea' Izzy Brown came close to equalising shortly before half-time but sent Demarai Gray's cross over the bar inside the six-yard box. Sean O'Driscoll's team have missed out on this summer's European Championship finals in Greece . France's second goal, five minutes into the second half, left England with a mountain to climb. Maupay again provided the assist, passing to Cornet to drill the ball in off the near post. The home side were almost over the finish line but there was a flicker of hope for England when Roberts halved the deficit from a Ruben Loftus-Cheek cross 11 minutes from time. But England required a further two goals because of their inferior goal difference in the group and there was to be no late drama as their Euro ambitions faded. England (4-1-4-1): Angus Gunn (Manchester City); Ashley Smith-Brown (Manchester City), Joe Gomez (Charlton Athletic), Brendan Galloway (Everton), Ben Chilwell (Leicester City); Harry Winks (Tottenham Hotspur); Patrick Roberts (Fulham), Ruben Loftus-Cheek (Chelsea), Charlie Colkett (Chelsea), Demarai Gray (Birmingham City); Izzy Brown (C; Chelsea). Substitutions: Ola Aina (Chelsea) for Smith-Brown 76; Bradley Fewster (Middlesbrough) for Colkett 82 . Substitutes not used: Freddie Woodman (Newcastle United), Alex Kiwomya (Chelsea), Aaron Kuhl (Reading), Robert Dickie (Reading). Scorer: Roberts 79 . Booked: Colkett 58, Aina 83 . Head coach: Sean O’Driscoll . France: Florian Escales, Angelo Fulgini, Mouctar Diakhaby, Abdou Diallo, Olivier Kemen (C), Gnaly Cornet, Samed Kilic, Neal Maupay, Sehrou Guirassy, Alex Blin, Lucas . Substitutions: Lucas Tousart for Kilic 46; Benjamin Pavard for Kemin 67; Ulrich Nnomo for Guirassy 84 . Substitutes not used: Bingourou Kamara, Nicolas Senzemba, Kingsley Coman, Lyes Houri . Scorers: Guirassy 31; Cornet 50 . Booked: Maupay 25, Kemen 45 . Head coach: Patrick Gonfalone . Referee: Marco Guida (ITA) Attendance: 3,372 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England will not be playing in the Under 19 European Championships this summer.
England lose 2-1 to France in their decisive final qualifier.
England beat Denmark and Azerbaijan in their opening Elite Round qualifiers.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 793, Total accepted tokens: 793, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Newcastle midfielder Jonas Gutierrez is hoping to celebrate his return to first-team action with a much-needed derby victory over struggling Sunderland. The 31-year-old Argentinian has appeared as a substitute in each of the Magpies' last three games following his return from testicular cancer, and has been welcomed warmly back into the fold on and off the pitch. However, he has finished on the losing side on each occasion and is desperate to end that run as Newcastle attempt to bounce back from an unprecedented four successive defeats by their arch-rivals at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. Jonas Gutierrez is preparing to face Sunderland in the fourth game since his return from testicular cancer . Gutierrez, seen here with manager John Carver, has been a substitute in Newcastle's last three matches . The Black Cats are currently fighting for their Barclays Premier League lives once again, but Gutierrez knows that will count for little this weekend. He told the Chronicle: 'In the last few years, they have been in a bad place and they beat us. Listen, it doesn't matter what position you are in for a derby. It's a derby, it's different. 'We know what the fans think of this type of game. We know now it's a few games where we have not beaten them. Gutierrez has received a hero's reception from Newcastle fans since his return to the team . Gutierrez is determined to make amends for recent derby disappointments against rivals Sunderland . 'It's away, so we have to be ready and focused. We want to get a win for the fans. They deserve it, so we are going to work hard and start from the beginning. 'We can't start late in the derby because we want three points.' Gutierrez last played in the derby in April 2013 on a bad day for Tyneside as Sunderland ran out 3-0 winners at St James' Park.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Newcastle midfielder Jonas Gutierrez is preparing to face Sunderland in the fourth game since his return from testicular cancer.
Gutierrez has been a substitute in Newcastle's last three matches.
The Black Cats are currently fighting for their Barclays Premier League lives.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.87
Total generated tokens: 794, Total accepted tokens: 794, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Former England captain Kevin Sinfield has been warned he will be a 'target' when he makes the switch to rugby union at the end of the season. Sinfield, 34, the greatest captain in Leeds' history, stunned the world of rugby league on Tuesday with his sudden announcement that he will quit the sport at the end of the season and join the Rhinos' sister club Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract. Leeds Rhinos captain Kevin Sinfield is to switch codes and join Yorkshire Carnegie at the end of the season . Castleford head coach Daryl Powell, the man who made Sinfield captain at the age of 22, trod the same path, although in a coaching capacity after losing the Rhinos top job in 2003, and has a word of warning for his former team-mate. 'It surprised me a little bit,' Powell said. 'It will be interesting to see if he can make a success of it but he's been an outstanding player and captain within the sport and you wouldn't back against him. I think he's been unbelievable in his career. 'He won't need my advice. He knows what he's doing. I'm sure he will have done all his homework. Sinfield (centre) lifts the Super League trophy after Leeds beat Warrington in the grand final in October 2012 . 'It's certainly a challenge. You look at Sam Burgess and what he's going through, and Iestyn Harris - it's tough. It's not an easy thing to do. 'The one thing you do have is a bit of a sign on you, on your head. You're a bit of a target. 'It's a completely different sport. It will be interesting to see what position he's going to play, but I wish him all the best.' Sinfield is tackled during a match between Leeds Rhinos and Leigh Centurions last year . Sinfield, who has guided the Rhinos to six Super League titles, three World Club Challenges and the Challenge Cup in 2014 at the expense of Powell's Castleford, will be the second high-profile departure from Headingley at the end of the year following Jamie Peacock's appointment as Hull KR's new football manager. The former Golden Boot winner is closing in on third place in rugby league's all-time scoring list with 3,997 points, but Powell believes his old club have a ready-made replacement in 20-year-old Liam Sutcliffe, who has deputised for an injured Sinfield in the last two matches. 'They've got some really good young players,' Powell said. 'Liam Sutcllife has slotted in there and seems to be doing a good job. He looks like a mature young player who can handle things pretty much the way Kevin did when he was a young fella. Sinfield (left) in action for England against France during the 2013 Rugby League World Cup quarter-final . 'I was obviously at the back end of my career when Kevin started and it looked like he was going to be an outstanding player. But I don't think anyone could have foreseen how good he was going to be and how many things he would win and how much he would grow as a leader in the game. He's been awesome.' Sinfield has been named in Leeds' 19-man squad for Friday's derby at Castleford, but coach Brian McDermott will not rush his skipper back. 'I'm not sure if he's going to be fit for Friday,' McDermott said. 'What we have got to make sure when Kev does come back into the team is that he's 100 per cent fit. 'Sutcliffe's played really well in these last couple of games. He's held his own and in some parts of the games has played really well. 'It's good to know that while Kevin's in recovery, Sutty is doing a good job and getting more experience.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kevin Sinfield announces he will quit rugby league at the end of the season.
Sinfield, 34, will make the switch to rugby union at the end of the season.
Sinfield is to join Yorkshire Carnegie on an 18-month contract.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.88
Total generated tokens: 795, Total accepted tokens: 795, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Raheem Sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool deal despite being offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay with the Merseyside club. The 20-year-old wideman edged closer towards an Anfield exit after revealing in an interview with the BBC on Wednesday that he would have signed for a lot less a year ago. However, despite being one of Liverpool's star men, Sterling has struggled to repeat the impressive form he showed for the Reds last season. The England international has managed just six goals this season - one less than Stoke frontman Jon Walters - while his conversion rate and minutes per goal ratio have worsened as the graphic below shows. Raheem Sterling has managed just six goals this season - one less than Stoke forward Jon Walters (left)<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Raheem Sterling has admitted he is not ready to sign a new contract at Liverpool deal.
Sterling has been offered a £100,000-a-week deal to stay with the Merseyside club.
Sterling has struggled to repeat the impressive form he showed for the Reds last season.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.92
Total generated tokens: 796, Total accepted tokens: 796, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Brighton and Hove Albion are giving the club's young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent. The Championship side are the first club to provide training and counselling to its youth players, reports the BBC. The Protect, Inform and Prevent (PIP) programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law. Brighton and Hove Albion are giving young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent . Part of the training is said to involve players taking part in confidential question and answer sessions about previous encounters and is led by a former police detective and a psychotherapist. Four current and former Brighton players were cleared of sexual assault charges in 2013. The four players were found not guilty of sexually assaulting a 19-year-old women at a Brighton hotel in 2013. The Championship club, who play at the Amex Stadium (pictured), are the first to provide such training .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Brighton and Hove Albion are giving the club's young players training in the law and ethics surrounding sexual consent.
The Protect, Inform and Prevent (PIP) programme aims to explain when consent can be said to have been given, in law.
The four current and former Brighton players were cleared of sexual assault charges in 2013.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 797, Total accepted tokens: 797, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: George Boyd is the Barclays Premier League's hardest working player, clocking up 210.5 miles on the pitch this season - the equivalent of running from Burnley's Turf Moor ground to Crystal Palace's Selhurst Park in south London. The Burnley winger has run slightly further than Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen. Walking the journey from Turf Moor to Selhurst would usually take 69 hours, according to Google Maps' estimations, but Boyd has managed it in less than 40 hours of playing time. George Boyd is the Barclays Premier League's hardest working player, clocking up 210.5 miles on the pitch . Boyd has run the distance between Burnley's Turf Moor ground and Crystal Palace's Selhurst Park . Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen (right) is second in the list - 0.4 miles behind Boyd . Liverpool stand-in captain Jordan Henderson is also included in the Premier League's top 10 runners . Sean Dyche's side, sitting a point off safety, 18th in the Premier League, have three players in the top 10. Between them, the Burnley squad have run an incredible 2,172.3 miles this campaign. Boyd is joined by his team-mates Scott Arfield and David Jones in a list dominated by players from the bottom half of the table. Only Eriksen, Stoke City's Steven NZonzi, Liverpool's Jordan Henderson and Aaron Cresswell of West Ham feature from clubs  in the top half of the Premier League. Jake Livermore of Hull City, Sebastian Larsson from Sunderland and Newcastle United summer signing Daryl Janmaat make up the rest of the selection. The data was record by EA Sports PPI, which is used as the official player rating index of the Premier League. Scott Arfield, seen here getting away from Sergio Aguero, is another Burnley player to feature in the top 10 . David Jones is another prolific Burnley runner as part of a team who have clocked up 2,172.3 miles . Steven NZonzi (left) is high up in the list as a key part of Stoke City's impressive season under Mark Hughes . And the league's two top runners come head-to-head on Saturday when Spurs and Eriksen travel to Turf Moor to face Burnley and Boyd. With the chance of at least temporarily escaping the relegation zone before Sunderland play Newcastle on Sunday, Boyd will be desperate to make sure that all that running does not count for nothing come the end of the season.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: George Boyd is the Barclays Premier League's hardest working player.
The Burnley winger has clocked up 210.5 miles on the pitch this season.
The Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Christian Eriksen is second in the list.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 798, Total accepted tokens: 798, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Police investigating the murder of a five-month-old baby have today arrested her parents. The child's father, 25, and mother, 25, from Perry Barr, Birmingham, were held  after their daughter died yesterday afternoon. Police were called to their home at just before 1am yesterday morning because the baby was said to be suffering breathing difficulties. House: A baby was found dead at this home in Perry Barr, Birmingham yesterday this afternoon . The child was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later. A spokesman for West Midlands Police said: 'The death is being treated as suspicious; a post mortem will take place today to establish the exact cause of death. 'A 25-year-old man and a 22-year-old woman have been arrested on suspicion of murder and are currently helping police with their inquiries'. An ambulance crew was the first to arrive at the home on Tuesday evening, at around 11.45pm. Investigations: A 25-year-old man and 22-year-old woman, who may be the child's parents, were arrested by West Midlands Police . A West Midlands Ambulance Service spokesman added: 'We sent a paramedic in a rapid response vehicle and an ambulance crew was also in attendance. 'The youngster was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but due to the police investigation we cannot reveal any further details.' Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police arrest the parents of a five-month-old baby girl who died.
The child's father, 25, and mother, 25, from Perry Barr, Birmingham.
Police were called to their home at just before 1am yesterday morning.
The child was taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital but died hours later.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 799, Total accepted tokens: 799, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Things haven't been going well for Manchester United flop Anderson since he left Old Trafford to return to Brazil, but at least on Wednesday his own errors were outshone by the stupidity of a team-mate. The Brazilian midfielder was sent off for Internacional after a first-half off-the-ball shove on Ypiranga Erechim striker Otacilio Neto that also saw his opponent sent off for retaliating with an elbow. But fortunately for Anderson, his colleague Fabricio stole the limelight by swearing at his own fans and becoming the third player to be shown the red card, reducing Internacional to nine men in the 1-1 draw in Porto Alegre. Former Manchester United midfielder Anderson shoved Otacilio Neto off the ball to earn a red card . Neto also saw red after he retaliated by by appearing to aim an elbow at Anderson in Porto Alegre . The two players listen to the referee as he reaches for his card from his back pocket on Wednesday night . Anderson shows his shock to be shown the red card for what he believed to be an innocent challenge . While some players offered their hands in apology to the fans after being repeatedly booed, Fabricio took a different route and showed two middle fingers to the crowd leaving referee Luis Teixeira Rocha with no choice but to give him his marching orders. The 28-year-old left back reacted by tearing off his shirt, throwing it to the floor and shouting 'I'm leaving, I'm leaving,' as he walked down the tunnel. He has already been suspended until the end of the week by his club. Anderson ended his seven-and-a-half year association with United in February by signing a four-year deal with Internacional, but his return to Brazil has not gone as planned. Internacional's Fabricio was also sent off later in the game for aiming his middle fingers at booing fans . Fabricio threw his shirt to the ground after being shown the red card and shouted 'I'm leaving, I'm leaving' Having missed a penalty on his debut, he was substituted later in February after just 36 minutes needing oxygen while playing in the high-altitude Estadio Hernando Siles in La Paz. While Internacional sit top of the table in the Campeonato Gaucho, Anderson has faced a familiar struggle for fitness despite making eight appearances since his move. Anderson ended a miserable seven-and-a-half year spell with Manchester United by leaving this season .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Manchester United midfielder Anderson sent off for Internacional.
Brazilian midfielder Anderson shoved striker Otacilio Neto off the ball.
Neto retaliated by aiming an elbow at Anderson in Porto Alegre.
Anderson's teammate Fabricio also sent off for aiming his middle fingers at fans.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 800, Total accepted tokens: 800, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A seven-year-old boy was raped and set on fire by two youths when he went to buy some food. The youths took the boy to an isolated place and raped him. When he resisted, they set him on fire, Inspector Sasthe told PTI. The boy, who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body, somehow managed to escape, Sasthe added. The shocking incident occurred in Pagma Nagar (located on this map), in Bhiwandi City, a suburb of Mumbai . The incident, which happened in Bhiwandi, in Mumbai (stock image) is being investigated by police . The incident took place in Padma Nagar in the city of Bhiwandi, a suburb of Mumbai, police said today. A case has been registered under Sections 307 (attempt to murder), 377 (sodomy) of the Indian Penal Code and relevant sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act 2012. The seven-year-old boy is being treated at the Thane Civil hospital, about 30 minutes away. Police have said they are working to identify and catch the accused.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Boy, 7, was raped and set on fire by two youths.
Boy, who suffered 30 per cent burns to his body, escaped.
Police have said they are working to identify and catch the accused.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 801, Total accepted tokens: 801, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A pug has made a miraculous recovery after he was bitten in the face by a rattlesnake. Dug and his owner, Lindsay Castro, were hiking on the Jurupa Hills trail in Fontana, Canada, on Thursday when they heard a rattling sound. Lindsay backed away, but Dug ran up to the reptile - and suffered the consequences. The snake bit Dug in the face, and his face instantly ballooned to twice its size. Scroll down for video . Horrific: Dug the pug's face swelled to twice its size after he was bitten in the face by a rattlesnake . Curious pup: He had been hiking with his owner when he ran toward a rattle sound - and suffered for it . With limited time, the pair rushed to California Veterinary Specialist Hospital in Ontario, where he was given an entire vile of venom antidote. Finally, after two days of round-the-clock IV fluid and treatment, he is ready to go home. 'I thought I'd lost my dog,' Lindsay told KTLA. 'I was so scared.' Relieved: Owner Lindsay Castro thought she had lost her pet as they rushed to the hospital for treatment . Painful: This is Dug's neck after two days of intensive antidote treatment which massively reduced swelling . Forlorn: It has been a heavy few days for Dug, who was struck on one of the first days of rattlesnake season . 'It was huge': Lindsay described her shock at seeing the 'huge' reptile leap out of the bushes in Fontana . Canada's rattlesnake reason runs from April to September. Speaking to KTLA, Dug's vets issued a warning to other pet owners that animals do not have the same instincts as humans when they see a snake. Fontana Police have also released guidance for dog walkers, ordering people to keep animals on a six-foot leash and seek immediate treatment in the case of a snakebite.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Dug the pug was bitten in the face by a rattlesnake.
He was given an entire vile of venom antidote.
He is ready to go home.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 802, Total accepted tokens: 802, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Jose Mourinho could one day make a shock return to manage Real Madrid even after his high-profile and acrimonious exit, according to Real defender Alvaro Arbeloa. The Chelsea manager ended his three-year spell in Madrid to rejoin his current club in 2013, leaving the Spanish capital amid rumours of bust-ups with senior players, including club captain Iker Casillas, Sergio Ramos and Pepe. But right back Arbeloa, who has made 25 first-team appearances this season, says Real's door will never be closed to bringing the combustible Portuguese coach back as boss. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho could return to take charge of Real Madrid one day, says Alvaro Arbeloa . Arbeloa handed a portion of the credit for Real's Champions League win to Mourinho's groundwork . Under Carlo Ancelotti's stewardship, Real lifted the 10th European Cup that they had craved for so long . The former Liverpool defender also handed a portion of credit for last season's La Decima Champions League win to Mourinho, saying his work was the foundation of their success under Carlo Ancelotti. 'Yes there is a possibility of Jose returning to Madrid,' Arbeloa said. 'Why not? Madrid's door is not closed for a great coach. 'Mourinho has many fond memories of Real Madrid. For La Decima, we have to credit Ancelotti but Jose planted the foundations.' Mourinho left Madrid and rejoined Chelsea in 2013 and has since led his team to the brink of another title . The Special One endured a trophyless campaign in his last year with Real which he said was his worst season . Arbeloa was said to be one of Mourinho's main 'disciples' in the dressing room, and he admits he has spoken with the Chelsea manager as recently as last week. He also said that despite the talk of unrest in the camp at Real, the Special One left on good terms before joining Chelsea, particularly with expected summer transfer target Raphael Varane. Mourinho is said to be considering a £40million move for the French centre back when the transfer window opens in July. Arbeloa (left) was said to be one of Mourinho's main 'disciples' in the dressing room and the pair still talk . Mourinho's arguments with senior players including Iker Casillas, the club captain, were well documented . 'I spoke to him (Mourinho) last Friday,' Arbeloa told El Chiringuito. 'He’s happy and content in London because his family are happy and there isn’t the daily persecution he and his kids got here. 'The press emphasised (how) it ended badly but Jose ended well with most - (Luka) Modric,  Varane, Diego (Lopez), Xabi (Alonso). 'Professionally he has a great team and is doing well.' Arbeloa says Mourinho is happy in London, having won the Capital One Cup with Chelsea last month . Raphael Varane, said to be a summer target for Mourinho, ended on good terms with his former manager .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jose Mourinho could return to Real Madrid one day, says Real defender Alvaro Arbeloa.
Arbeloa says Real's door will never be closed to bringing the Portuguese coach back as boss.
Chelsea manager Mourinho left Madrid and rejoined Chelsea in 2013.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 803, Total accepted tokens: 803, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Angry Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini cancelled his players' day off and ordered them in for an early morning training session on Sunday after they were held to a 1-1 home draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma. Inter confirmed on their website (www.inter.it) that the first team had trained at 8:30 a.m. local time, watched by club vice-president Javier Zanetti and sporting director Piero Ausilio. Mancini was furious at his players' attitude after the Saturday's draw left them joint ninth alongside Genoa and 10 points adrift of the European places. Roberto Mancini has cancelled his Inter Milan players' day off on Easter and ordered them into training . Mancini was furious with his side's attitude during the disappointing 1-1 draw at home to Parma on Saturday . 'I'm sorry that the situation, instead of improving, has worsened,' Mancini told reporters after the game. 'You always hope that things will change,' he added. 'The last four weeks have been very bad, especially in terms of the results and also because of the second half performance (against Parma). 'These are things that I can not explain well... We played without bite, without malice and that's something I do not like.' Ausilio said Inter's remaining games would help make important decisions for next season. Inter defender Andrea Ranocchia looks dejected at the final whistle at the San Siro . Juan Jesus holds his head in his hands after bottom-of-the-table Parma shocked the hosts . 'No rest at Easter? The players have rested the day before the match, so it is right that they train (on Sunday),' he said. 'We are working towards the future and these last nine games will help of all us judge and understand who is an Inter player and who isn't. He refused to accept that an impatient San Siro crowd had affected his players. 'If they want to wear this shirt, then they can't fail at San Siro,' he said. 'It's our home, with our public and we shouldn't be afraid of anyone. (San Siro) should be something that is in our favour, we are not going to duck our responsibilities.' Andi Lila (centre) celebrates with his Parma team-mates after scoring against Inter Milan on Saturday .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini cancels players' day off and orders them into training.
Inter Milan held to 1-1 draw by bottom-of-the-table Parma on Saturday.
Inter Milan are joint ninth in the table and 10 points adrift of European places.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 804, Total accepted tokens: 804, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Most fans wants to get their hands on a rare piece of memorabilia once belonging to their favourite player or team and little bits of history can fetch thousands of pounds on the open market. But you may be surprised to know that an expired passport of Paul Parker - most famous for playing right back for Manchester United and England during the nineties - was listed on eBay for an eye-watering £5,000. The item was listed earlier in March and bidding ended on Tuesday but it is unclear whether anyone actually stumped up the sizeable sum being quoted. Ex-Manchester United and England defender Paul Parker's old passport was listed on eBay . The former defender's expired passport was listed for £5,000 but the seller was open to offers . 'This listing was ended by the seller because the item is no longer available,' read the message on eBay. Although the old passport was listed for £5,000, the seller made it clear he was open to negotiation, asking potential buyers to 'make me an offer and see if I accept'. Parker (right) played for Manchester United between 1991 and 1996 and won two league titles at Old Trafford . Parker closes down Holland forward Marco van Basten during one of his 19 caps for England . The eBay seller described Parker, 50, as an 'ex-Manchester United and Chelsea legend' but, while he made more than 100 appearances for United and won two league titles, his grand total of four outings for the Blues doesn't quite merit legendary status. Parker made 19 international appearances but his United and England career ended largely because of the emergence of Gary Neville.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Paul Parker's expired passport was listed for £5,000 on eBay.
The Manchester United and England defender's passport was listed in March.
The eBay seller made it clear he was open to negotiation.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 805, Total accepted tokens: 805, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: He has been seen in toast, pancakes, crisps and even ice cream. But a builder was stunned when he spotted Jesus Christ on a plank of wood just a few days before Easter. Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board  in Inverness, Scotland, on Wednesday. Scroll down for video . Paddy Morrall noticed the full-length Christ on a snapped scaffolding board in Inverness, Scotland, on Wednesday . The son of God appeared wearing a robe after the joiner and colleagues left the piece of wood out in the rain for several hours. The 31-year-old builder, from Keighley, near Bradford, has kept the board. He said: 'We didn't take it too seriously but it really did look like him. We thought it was a bit crazy. 'It's the first time I've seen anything like this. I'm not a normally a religious guy but it is Easter. 'We all thought it was pretty mad.' It comes two days after a shop assistant spotted the image of Christ on a hot cross bun. It comes two days after a shop assistant from Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, spotted the image of Jesus Christ on a hot cross bun . An Arizona woman similarly got an early Easter surprise when she saw the image of Jesus Christ in her dental x-rays during a check-up last month . Lindsey Norman noticed the uncanny resemblance in a six pack of £1 buns she had purchased from her local Sainsbury's in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. An Arizona woman similarly got an early Easter surprise when she saw the image of Christ in her dental x-rays during a check-up  last month. He appeared in one of Kym Ackerman's left-side molars on March 25.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Paddy Morrall spotted Jesus Christ on a snapped scaffolding board in Inverness.
The son of God appeared wearing a robe after the joiner and colleagues left the piece of wood out in the rain for several hours.
The builder has kept the board and says he's not a normally religious person.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 806, Total accepted tokens: 806, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ondrej Duda scored after the interval to lead Slovakia to a 1-0 victory over the Czech Republic on Tuesday in a friendly between the two teams that once represented Czechoslovakia. The 20-year-old midfielder struck with a low shot from outside the penalty area in the 49th minute for his second international goal. It was the third victory for Slovakia in the 10th match against the Czechs since Czechoslovakia's split in 1993. The Czechs have won five games. Martin Skrtel catches Daniel Kolar in the face with a high boot during Slovakia's 1-0 win over Czech Republic . Slovakia celebrate their 1-0 win over the Czechs which continues their excellent recent form . Ondrej Duda (right) celebrates with team-mate Robert Mak after scoring the winning goal in Zilina . 'We had more chances in the first half, we scored in the second and didn't allow the opponent anything, so I think we deserved to win,' Slovakia coach Jan Kozak said. Slovakia was more dangerous on a rain-soaked pitch. They've made a perfect start to 2016 European Championship qualifying, winning their first five matches to sit top of their group and on course for a first Euro finals. The hosts allowed the Czechs to enjoy more possession in the early stages but they were harmless in attack. Michal Duris (right) of Slovakia and Marek Suchy of the Czech Republic contest a header . Jan Durica (left) shakes hands with Tomas Necid at the end of the friendly match . A header by Slovakia's Liverpool defender Martin Skrtel, who also caught Daniel Kolar with a boot, flew just wide of Tomas Vaclik's goal in the 33rd minute while another defender, Peter Pekarik, beat the Czech goalkeeper a minute later but Theodor Gebre Selassie managed to block his deflected shot on the line. Slovak goalkeeper Jan Mucha saved the only Czech scoring opportunity, a header from substitute Ladislav Krejci from close range in the 65th minute.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Slovakia beat the Czech Republic 1-0 in a friendly match in Zilina.
Ondrej Duda scores the only goal of the game in the 49th minute.
The 20-year-old midfielder scores his second international goal.
Slovakia are now top of their group in the 2016 European Championship qualifying.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 807, Total accepted tokens: 807, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Karim Benzema showed his talents aren't just limited to the football pitch as the Real Madrid star posted a video showcasing his rapping skills while cruising along in his Bugatti Veyron. As Real Madrid prepare for their La Liga clash against Granada at the Bernabeu on Sunday, Benzema shared a video of him singing along to Tupac's classic track 'Check Out Time'. Tupac's track 'All Eyez on me' might have been a more suitable choice for the Los Blancos star, however, as Benzema looks to add to his goal tally of 20 goals in all competitions so far this season. Real Madrid and France forward Karim Benzema sings along to Tupac in his Bugatti Veyron . Benzema boldly stated earlier this week that he can win the Ballon d'Or award during his career. The France international is confident his club success at the Bernabeu can force his way into contention for the prestigious award. However, Benzema's Real team-mate Cristiano Ronaldo has picked up the last two accolades for the world's best footballer whereas Barcelona talisman Lionel Messi prevailed between 2009-12. Benzema vents his frustration during France's recent 3-1 loss to Brazil at the Stade de France in Paris . Despite the duo's dominance, Benzema is adamant he can compete for the title if he continues to perform for Real Madrid and at international level. 'If I keep winning titles then I can win this award in future,' he told Le Parisien. 'We have Cristiano Ronaldo and Messi, the two best players. We know I won't reach 80 or 100 goals in a season. They can do that.' Benzema (right) has scored 20 goals, in all competitions, for Real Madrid this season .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Real Madrid star Karim Benzema shows his talents aren't just limited to the football pitch.
The France forward has posted a video of him singing along to Tupac's classic track 'Check Out Time'
Benzema is confident his club success at the Bernabeu can force his way into contention for the prestigious award.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 808, Total accepted tokens: 808, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A pro-Ukip businessman who forced Liam Fox to resign as Defence Secretary is behind an extraordinary bid to defeat a ‘golden boy’ Tory candidate. Tycoon Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to the Ukip candidate fighting Fox in his Somerset seat in a continued vendetta against him. Boulter is also spending another £30,000 to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat, who is standing for the Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent. Scroll down for video . Pro-Ukip businessman Harvey Boulter (above), who forced Liam Fox to resign as Defence Secretary, is behind an extraordinary bid to defeat a ‘golden boy’ Tory candidate . Tugendhat’s father, Sir Michael Tugendhat, is the High Court judge who awarded Fox a six-figure sum in damages after he sued Boulter for libellous remarks made on Sky TV. Fox resigned from the Cabinet in 2011 after Boulter revealed details of how Fox’s close friend, businessman Adam Werritty, accompanied him on overseas trips as Defence Secretary. Mr Boulter said: ‘This may look like naked revenge and in a sense it is. I was outraged with what happened in the court case.’ A Tory Party spokesman last night declined to comment. Fox (above) resigned from the Cabinet in 2011 after Boulter revealed details of how Fox’s close friend, businessman Adam Werritty, accompanied him on overseas trips as Defence Secretary .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tycoon Harvey Boulter has already given £30,000 to the Ukip candidate fighting Fox.
Boulter is also spending another £30,000 to try to defeat Tom Tugendhat.
Tugendhat is standing for the Tories in Tonbridge and West Malling, Kent.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 809, Total accepted tokens: 809, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Two goals inside the last four minutes saw the Yorkshire derby clash between Sheffield Wednesday and Huddersfield end in a 1-1 draw. Wednesday substitute Sergiu Bus opened the scoring in the 86th minute and Ishmael Miller, also on as a substitute, secured a point for his side with an equaliser just a minute from time. The result leaves Huddersfield without a win in their last seven games and 18th in the table, six places and nine points behind Wednesday. Sergiu Bus celebrates putting Sheffield Wednesday ahead against Huddersfield . Sheff Wed: Westwood, Vermijl, Lees, Zayatte, Mattock, Isgrove, McGugan, Lee (May 63'), Hutchinson, Lavery (Maguire 74'), Nuhiu (Bus 63') Subs not used: Buxton, Maghoma, Dielna, Kirkland . Goals: Bus 86' Huddersfield: Smithies, Smith, Hudson, Lynch, Scannell, Coady, Edgar, Butterfield, James, Vaughan, Wells (Miller 63') Subs not used:  Wallace, Lolley, Carroll, Gobern, Allinson, Majewski . Booked: Coady, Lynch, Hudson . Goals: Miller 89' Referee: Mark Haywood . Attendance: 20,851 . Huddersfield's Marnick Vermijl sent in an early low cross which evaded everyone, and Wednesday striker Caolan Lavery fired in a fierce angled shot which went over. The hosts had another chance when Lewis McGugan tried a shot from the edge of the area that went wide. Huddersfield responded with Joel Lynch firing in a shot on the turn which forced a near-post save from Keiren Westwood. Just a few minutes before the break, the visitors carved out another good opening when, following a scramble, David Edgar got in a shot which was cleared off the line by Vermijl. Six minutes after the restart, Wednesday's Atdhe Nuhiu looked certain to score. He received the ball from Kieran Lee, rounded keeper Alex Smithies and rolled the ball towards the unguarded net, only to see Lynch race back to clear off the line. Wednesday were down to 10 men for a spell when Joe Mattock went off injured. After receiving some lengthy treatment, the defender returned to the field with his head bandaged. Lavery put a shot off-target after losing his balance and then went down inside the area with Reece James in close attention, but referee Mark Haywood was unimpressed. Wednesday head coach Stuart Gray made a double substitution just after the hour mark with strike duo Stevie May and Bus replacing Lee and Nuhiu. Huddersfield manager Chris Powell also made an attacking change shortly after, sending on Ishmael Miller in place of Nahki Wells. Sheffield Wednesday's Kieran Lee (right) slips a tackle by Huddesfield Town's David Edgar . Miller was soon involved, making a promising run into the area before having a shot, which was blocked, when he could have passed to a team-mate. Wednesday substitute Bus also had a chance to make a quick impact when he had time inside the area, but his low shot lacked the necessary power to test Smithies who gathered easily. Miller made another good run into the area and made an unsuccessful appeal for a penalty when he went down under a challenge. Wednesday substitute Chris Maguire's free-kick was on target but failed to cause a problem for Smithies. Bus scored to put the hosts in front, following up to turn the ball home from close range after his initial effort was kept out. But with just a minute to go in normal time, Miller scored the equaliser after finding himself in space inside the area.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sheffield Wednesday and Huddersfield draw 1-1 in the Yorkshire derby.
Sheffield Wednesday substitute Sergiu Bus scores the only goal of the game.
Huddersfield substitute Ishmael Miller scores the only goal of the second half.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 810, Total accepted tokens: 810, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Stuart Dallas has come a long way since Mark Warburton plucked him from a glorified park and £70-a-week. The 23-year-old, who impressed for Northern Ireland in the week, scored two quite stunning goals as Brentford demolished Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday. They go into Monday's game against Nottingham Forest eyeing more than just a play-off spot. It was three years ago when Dallas was spotted by Warburton playing part-time on a mud bath for Crusaders back home. Stuart Dallas celebrates the second of his two excellent goals against Fulham on good Friday . Dallas has been a revelation this season as he helps Brentford push towards the Premier League . There were those who felt he wasn’t cut out for League One last season, but a three-month loan at Northampton has turned the winger into an integral figure as Brentford hunt Premier League promotion. ‘When I signed Stuart he was training once a week. He’s getting better and better - there’s more to come,’ Warburton said, before vouching for the maligned loan system. ‘Look at Alex Pritchard, on loan from Tottenham. Get the loan right, where all three parties benefit. The 23-year-old starred for Northern Ireland last week, and his manager says it is down to his loan spell . Dallas spent three months at Northampton and has returned to prove himself back at Brentford . ‘Toumani Diagouraga went to Portsmouth [this season], played seven games and was made captain, came back and hasn’t looked back. Likewise with Stuart. They have to go out and get the right loan - it’s a big part of their development.’ Warburton has been doing the sums as Brentford face six games which could end-up being historic. ‘If a team puts a run together they’ll go clear with 90-odd points,’ he added. ‘If they do that, with the nature of the fixtures, teams will drop points. The average for the play-offs has been 72 for the last five years - I think you’ll need 75 minimum. If that’s the case we need two more wins.’<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Stuart Dallas scores two goals as Brentford defeat Fulham 4-1 on Good Friday.
The 23-year-old Northern Ireland winger has been a revelation this season.
Dallas has been a revelation this season as he helps Brentford push towards the Premier League.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 811, Total accepted tokens: 811, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Baseball has long been considered America's favorite pastime, so it should come as no surprise that most people feel very strongly when it comes to their favorite professional team. And there are no two baseball teams that are greater, or more storied, than eternal rivals the New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox, who come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite. Also making a very impressive showing are the Texas Rangers and Atlanta Braves, who have fans across a wide area in the South. Then there are a few teams who don't get as much love - like the New York Mets. Scroll down for video . A new Facebook graph reveals the favorite baseball teams in the country by sorting through people's likes and breaking down winners by county . The New York Yankees (left) and Boston Red Sox (right) come in first and second respectively in terms of the number of people who claim them as their favorite . The Mets are not the favorite team in one county in the country, with fans in their area seeming to all go for the Yankees. Same goes for the Oakland Athletics. The Toronto Blue Jays can also claim almost all of Canada, though the Yankees and Red Sox are also favorites in some areas. The graph, created by Facebook, uses profile likes and then breaks the individuals down by country to determine a winner. And with the exception of those aforementioned Yankees, Red Sox and recent World Series champs San Francisco Giants, who get some love in Hawaii, most teams only really get support near their home field.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Facebook's new graph shows favorite baseball teams by county.
The New York Yankees and Boston Red Sox come in first and second.
The Oakland Athletics and New York Mets are not favorites in one county.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 812, Total accepted tokens: 812, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A basketball star has warmed hearts across his high school with his thoughtful 'prom-posal' to a girl with Down syndrome. On Thursday, Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky who will play for Ball State next year, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom. Moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers and a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989' - a reference to an album by Taylor Swift, Ellie's favorite singer. Ellie accepted the promposal and said she can't wait to go dress shopping 'because I've only told about a million people!' she told CNN. Heading to prom: Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky who will play for Ball State next year, asked Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom - and she accepted . The night before the promposal, Moses texted Ellie's parents to get their permission - and they were thrilled, they told CNN. 'You just feel numb to those moments raising a special needs child,' Darla Meredith, Ellie's mother, said. 'You first feel the need to protect and then to overprotect.' She said that her daughter met Moses through a program called 'Best Buddies', which encourages friendships between teenagers with developmental disabilities with other students. After his successful promposal, Moses, who has a girlfriend, posted photos of the event to his Twitter page, saying: 'Decided to ask my best friend to prom.' The tweet has been shared nearly 2,000 times. The 6ft9 basketball star committed to Ball State in September after receiving 12 scholarship offers. Joy: Moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised Ellie during class with a sign reading: 'Let's Party Like it's 1989' - a reference to an album by Taylor Swift, Ellie's favorite singer . Firm friends: He met Ellie through his work with a program called 'Best Buddies', which encourages friendships between teenagers with developmental disabilities with other students . 'I felt like they're are on the rise and going to be good in a couple years, and I want to be a part of it,' Moses told The Courier Journal at the time. 'I feel like I'll be able to come in and fight for a spot my freshman year.' And as well as playing basketball, Trey intends on keeping up the good work with his community and plans on majoring in special education. In light of his promposal, his future coach at Ball State, James Whitford, said the staff had long-admired the student's kindess towards others. 'We originally watched him play and evaluated him on his talent, not who he is as a person,' Whitford told the Ball State Daily. 'As we started to research him as a person, we found that he has the character to bring out the best in those around him. 'The best thing about Trey, is that this is not a one-time thing.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Trey Moses, a senior at Eastern High School in Louisville, Kentucky, asks Ellie Meredith to be his date to the upcoming prom.
Moses, who volunteers with teenagers with learning disabilities, surprised her during her P.E. class with a bunch of flowers.
Ellie accepted the promposal and said she can't wait to go dress shopping.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 813, Total accepted tokens: 813, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: President Barack Obama took a break from being the real president on April Fools' Day to impersonate a fictional one, House of Cards' conniving Frank Underwood. 'Hello everybody. This is not Frank Underwood,' the president said after turning his head Underwood, who is played by Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey and frequently speaks Shakespearean-style monologues to the audience. 'This is Barack Obama. Happy April Fools' Day. Frank learned it from me,' he said. Scroll down for video . President Barack Obama impersonated House of Cards's fictional president Frank Underwood by dipping into a southern drawl . Obama attempted to copy the deep voice and South Carolina accent of the fictional Commander-in-Chief, who is known for scheming his way into the nation's highest office through deceit and violence. The real president slipped into his normal voice by the end of 12-second impersonation. He has previously admitted to watching the Netflix show, though he says that life in Washington is not as dramatic as portrayed by Kevin Spacey and others. 'I wish things were that ruthlessly efficient,' he said in 2013. The short clip in front of a portrait of Abraham Lincoln begins with a statement of the time and date, a commonly used scene entry device in House of Cards. Underwood, portrayed in the Netflix series by Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey, frequently speaks in asides to the camera as he crafts his political machinations . Obama was also asked to cameo on the show by Netflix CEO Reed Hastings, according to Deadline. His April Fools' joke was filmed as part of the West Wing Week YouTube series, which chronicled the presidents' week. The clip for this week also included outtakes from the five previous years of Obama's presidency, which featured the president making funny faces and practicing speeches. On Thursday House of Cards was renewed for a fourth season.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: President Barack Obama impersonates House of Cards' Frank Underwood.
The real president says he has watched the Netflix show.
The clip is part of the West Wing Week YouTube series.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 814, Total accepted tokens: 814, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Caykur Rizespor midfielder Ludovic Obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted during his side's match against Fenerbahce on Saturday. The Poland international had to be replaced after just 30 minutes before being taken for tests. Caykur Rizespor revealed on social media that Obraniak was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests. Ludovic Obraniak (left) is currently on loan at Caykur Rizespor from German side Werder Bremen . Moussa Sow celebrates after scoring for Fenerbahce during their 5-1 win on Saturday . There were fears that the 30-year-old, who is on loan from Bundesliga club Werder Bremen had suffered a heart attack but he appears to have given the all-clear. Fenerbahce went on to win the game 5-1 tomove to the top of the Turkish Super Lig.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ludovic Obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem.
The Poland international was substituted during his side's match against Fenerbahce.
Obraniak was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 815, Total accepted tokens: 815, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Three people have been taken to hospital following a head-on collision between a vintage sports car and a 4WD. The crash happened on Easter Sunday night on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest, northern Sydney at a traffic light intersection. The 1973 E-Type Jaguar, which is thought to be worth over $120,000 was completely written off when it came up against the Toyota Kluger on their Sunday drive. A 1973 E-Type Jaguar has been involved in a crash with a Toyota Kluger . Nobody was hurt in the collision, however all three adults were taken to hospital as a precaution. NSW police told Daily Mail Australia that they are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the devastating collision. The photos of the crash were posted to the NSW Traffic and Highway Patrol Command's Facebook page, where car enthusiasts were quick to sympathise with the owner of the classic Jaguar. The crash occurred on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest . 'That is a really, really rare car. They go for over $120,000. I feel sorry for the owner,' one Facebook user said. 'How could a modern car hit a classic car - I just don't know. We need to admire and respect drivers that take the time to restore and drive classic cars. It's part of our motoring history,' another commenter said. 'As a car enthusiast I died a little,' one user said. The $120,000 Jaguar was completely written off in the crash . The crash comes after police warned motorists to obey the road rules over the Easter long weekend or risk 'ending up in custody, hospital or the morgue'. Extra police are on duty during the annual Operation Tortoise, which sees the force crack-down on drink-driving and reckless driving.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Crash happened on Easter Sunday night on Warringah Road in Frenchs Forest.
1973 E-Type Jaguar completely written off in the crash.
Police are still investigating the circumstances surrounding the collision.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 816, Total accepted tokens: 816, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Villagers from Shandong Province in eastern China have reportedly resorted to transporting natural gas in plastic bags. Recent images show intrepid residents from Lijin village in Dongying city carry the explosive in bags as long as six metres on rickshaws, reported the People’s Daily Online. Worried passers-by compared this behaviour to carrying a bomb on their backs because any contact with a naked flame or even a cigarette could spell disaster. Gas-guzzler: Carrying natural gas in huge plastic bags is a common scene in some villages in Shandong . Penny-pinching: Local media suggest this is a way for villages to save money on the transportation of gas . This reckless behaviour has been reported on as early as May 2011 in Zibo city in Shandong. It has since spread to different parts of the province. Netizens and media suggest this is a way for the locals to save money on transportation. Some suggest they are actually stealing gas. An earlier undercover investigation by Anhui Satellite TV Station shows that villagers in Zibo have little understanding of the dangers, claiming it to be safe. Unaware of danger: Previous investigation discovered that residents had little understanding of the hazards . The news clip documented villagers and even school pupils stealing gas from a large roadside container. Their plastic bags were inflated within minutes, and they carried them off before someone else came along to do the same. Villagers told the undercover reporter transporting gas this way isn't dangerous at all. Questions are now being raised within China about why the authorities have taken no steps to ban this practise after all these years. Unprotected: The gas bags are sealed in a basic manner. Passers-by worry they could spell disaster any time .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Villagers from Shandong Province in eastern China have reportedly resorted to transporting natural gas in plastic bags.
Local media suggest this is a way for villages to save money on the transportation of gas.
Villagers told the undercover reporter transporting gas this way isn't dangerous at all.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 817, Total accepted tokens: 817, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tiger Woods has been spotted hitting balls on the practice range at Augusta National, increasing hopes the former world No 1 will confirm his appearance at this year's first Major. Woods has not appeared on the PGA Tour since withdrawing from the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5 with a recurrence of his back problems. He has since taken a leave of absence in a bid to return to form, but there has been speculation he will return for the Masters, a tournament he has won four times. Tiger Woods was spotted practising at Augusta on Tuesday and is said to have returned to the course . Woods has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years . Tiger Woods made his first appearance at the Masters as a 19-year-old back on April 3, 1995. Woods said he was not impressed by the iconic venue when he first drove through the gates. He said: 'When I first arrived here — Magnolia Lane, is that it? — I thought that it was a pretty short drive. 'From what everyone says, it’s majestic and a long drive, you can’t believe it, and this, that and the other.' Tiger played 18 holes at the course on Tuesday and insiders from the Golf Channel say he has now returned to the venue for a practice session. Woods did not play last year's Masters following back surgery - the first time he had missed the event since he first played it in 1995. On Monday, Woods dropped out of the top 100 in the world rankings for the first time in almost 19 years. The 14-time major winner did not record a top-10 finish in nine starts in 2014, and has missed three cuts and withdrawn twice in his last six Tour starts. Woods' last title came at the World Golf Championships-Bridgestone Invitational in August 2013. Woods, pictured driving off the 10th tee in April 1995, made his Masters debut 20 years ago . Woods has won the Masters on four separate occasions with his last win coming in 2005 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tiger Woods spotted practising at Augusta National on Tuesday.
Woods has not appeared on the PGA Tour since withdrawing from the Farmers Insurance Open on February 5.
Woods has dropped out of the top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 818, Total accepted tokens: 818, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The BBC has come under fire for spending thousands of pounds of licence fee payers' money on a guide teaching its staff the correct way to use emojis. The 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the BBC who then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media. Emoji designers were also told to make graphics for the faces of popular stars such as Gary Lineker and Graham Norton. The BBC spent licence fee payers' money on a 44-page guide on how to use emojis before using a 'sad face' emoticon to describe the death of the world's oldest woman . The 44-page document was commissioned by executives at the BBC who then hired an agency to research how smiley faces could be used in news stories and on social media . Bosses at Radio 1 and Radio 1 Extra were sent the emoticon guide earlier this week, The Sun reported. A source told the newspaper: 'We're used to ridiculous BBC schemes but this is the worst yet. Top brass whinge about budget cuts, then they OK this. It beggars belief.' Emojis, which were first created in Japan, are small digital images used to express an emotion, such as happiness or anger, used by millions of people on social media sites like Facebook and WhatsApp. The corporation used them during an 'Emoji Budget' article following George Osborne's statement last month. The news piece used an emoji of two pint glasses clinking together to show that beer duty had been cut by 1p. The BBC also used a 'sad face' emoji to describe the death of the world's oldest woman, Misao Okawa, 117, from Japan this week. The corporation used the images during an 'Emoji Budget' article, using a picture of pint glasses (right) to show that Chancellor George Osborne had cut beer duty by a penny . Some people commented on the article, posted on BBC News' Facebook page, to criticse the use of the symbol. Walter Lasseigne Parenteau wrote: 'Sad face, BBC? You don't think she had a good run?' Daniel McIntyre-Hoeft said: 'The sad face is a bit inappropriate, don't you think?' Dia Chakravarty from the TaxPayers' Alliance said: 'This would be a fitting April Fool's joke - if we weren't paying for it.' A BBC spokesman said: 'We carry out research to help give our audiences what they want and it's right that we do it.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: BBC spent licence fee payers' money on a 44-page guide on how to use emojis.
The BBC used a 'sad face' emoticon to describe the death of the world's oldest woman.
The BBC also used a 'sad face' emoji to describe the death of the world's oldest woman.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 819, Total accepted tokens: 819, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Former Holland forward and assistant coach Patrick Kluivert has made a winning start in World Cup qualifying as coach of Curacao. The Caribbean island team advanced to the second qualifying round in CONCACAF for the 2018 tournament late Tuesday. Curacao drew 2-2 in a second-leg match at Montserrat to win 4-3 on aggregate. Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad. Patrick Kluivert has helped Curacao progress to the next stage of 2018 World Cup qualification . Former Holland assistant Kluivert (far right) worked with Louis van Gaal (centre) at the 2014 World Cup . The first-round encounter was headed to extra time on Tuesday until former Holland Under 21 international Charlton Vicento scored in the 87th minute, five minutes after coming on as a substitute. Curacao face Cuba in the next round, on June 8 and 16. Kluivert, whose mother is from Curacao, was a World Cup losing semi-finalist in 1998 as a player, and last year as assistant to coach Louis van Gaal.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Curacao advance to the next stage of 2018 World Cup qualification.
The Caribbean island team won 4-3 on aggregate after a 2-2 draw in the first leg.
Kluivert's team won 2-1 on Saturday in Willemstad.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 820, Total accepted tokens: 820, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara should reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket and continue for another year, the country's sports minister said on Wednesday. Sangakkara bid farewell to the one-day game on March 18, disappointed with a World Cup quarter-final defeat and saying that he was happy Sri Lanka were in a better place than when he came into the side in 2000. 'At this moment as the sports minister, I humbly request Kumar Sangakkara to render his service to the country for another one year period,' Navin Dissanayake told reporters after appointing a new interim body to run the sport headed by former test cricketer Sidath Wettimuny. Kumar Sangakkara plays a shot during Sri Lanka's quarter final defeat at the World Cup . Sangakkara scored four successive centuries before bowing out of the Cricket World Cup . 'I spoke to him when I was in New Zealand. He was very disappointed about what was happening here. But now I think he might change his mind if Sidath talks to him.' Sangakkara, the elegant lefthander scored 45 runs against South Africa to take his last World Cup tournament tally to 541, including a record four successive centuries. The 37-year-old, who will continue playing Tests, has accumulated 14,234 one-day runs -- second only to Indian great Sachin Tendulkar -- and the greatest number of dismissals by a wicketkeeper. Sangakkara will play for English county side Surrey this season. The 37-year-old waves to the crowd after losing to South Africa in Sydney . Sri Lanka sports minister Navin Dissanayake has asked the batsman to reconsider his decision .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kumar Sangakkara should reconsider his decision to retire from limited overs cricket.
Sangakkara will continue playing Tests.
Sangakkara will play for English county side Surrey this season.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 821, Total accepted tokens: 821, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Edinburgh welcome back three Scotland internationals for Sunday's European Challenge Cup quarter-final with London Irish. Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford were all rested for last week's Guinness Pro12 26-15 win over Scarlets in Llanelli following their efforts for the Dark Blues during the RBS Six Nations. But the trio have been recalled by head coach Alan Solomons for the Madejski Stadium clash with the Exiles as the South African looks to name is strongest XV. Dougie Fife is one of a trio of Scottish players returning to Edinburgh following Six Nations duty . England's Courtney Lawes (left) is tackled by Scotland's Ross Ford (centre) and David Denton . He said: 'When one gets to the play-off stage of a competition each game is a one-off. We are well aware of that and know that we will need to be at our best on Sunday.' Fife returns to the right wing while the rest of the backline remains in place following last Saturday's victory in Wales. Jack Cuthbert starts at full-back, with Tim Visser on the left wing. The centre pairing of Andries Strauss and Phil Burleigh is retained, while scrum half Sam Hidlago-Clyne - the competition's top scorer with 53 points - and stand-off Greig Tonks continue their half-back combo. Edinburgh coach Alan Solomons has named his strongest XV heading into the key clash with London Irish . In the pack, prop Dickinson and hooker Ford reclaim their places, with Willem Nel remaining at tighthead. Anton Bresler and Ben Toolis start in the second row lock. Captain Mike Coman misses out after sustaining a head knock against Scarlets, so Roddy Grant moves up from the bench to start as blindside flanker. Hamish Watson and David Denton retain their places at openside and number eight respectively, leaving Ford to skipper the side.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Edinburgh welcome back three Scotland internationals for European Challenge Cup.
Dougie Fife, Alasdair Dickinson and Ross Ford are recalled from last week's win over Scarlets.
South African coach Alan Solomons names his strongest XV for the Madejski Stadium clash.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 822, Total accepted tokens: 822, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Chris Ramsey has hailed Tony Pulis as one of the best British coaches in the country, but insists he doesn’t need to take any tactical tips from the experienced relegation dodger. Ramsey’s QPR, who face Pulis’s West Brom at the Hawthorns on Saturday, are 19th in the Barclay’s Premier League table – four points adrift of Sunderland in 17th. The R’s have taken just four points since the turn of the year and could do with a season climax reminiscent of Pulis’s 2013-14 campaign with Crystal Palace, in which they took 17 points from their final eight games to avoid the drop. Chris Ramsey praised Tony Pulis ahead of his sides crucial clash with West Brom in the Premier League . Indeed, Pulis was linked with the vacant QPR managerial post after Harry Redknapp’s departure in February, but many of the Loftus Road faithful turned their noses up at his perceived long-ball tactics. ‘I think Tony Pulis would be a good fit anywhere because he is a quality coach,’ Ramsey said when asked about the speculation. ‘He maximises what he does with his players so he would be a good fit anywhere. Not just here, at any club. ‘I think Tony gets a very bad reputation for the way he plays. What he does is he goes into places, assesses what the players need and gets the best out of them. I would say he is one of the top British coaches in the country.’ Ramsey claims Pulis 'is one of the best coaches in Britain,' but says that he won't be asking for his advice . While Ramsey admits he is encouraged by the likes of Pulis, he firmly believes his own tactical acumen is the reason he was entrusted with keeping QPR in the top flight. ‘I take inspiration from Tony because I respect him as a man and as a coach and as a manager,’ Ramsey continued. ‘I’ll take any advice from any coach in any league, because I realise how tough the job is. ‘As far as tactics are concerned, I don’t think I’d be looking at anybody else and asking for any advice. I’ve been put in the job for a reason, the reason being that the people who’ve put me in think I know what I’m doing. ‘Apart from a dodgy 20 minutes at Crystal Palace, I think we’ve been in every game, especially against the top teams. We were extremely disappointed we didn’t get anything against Everton. But ultimately it’s about the money ends of the ground, isn’t it? And we haven’t been good enough at both ends when it really counted.’ The Queens Park Rangers boss knows that his side can't afford to slip up anymore if they want to stay up .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Chris Ramsey says he doesn't need to take any tactical tips from Tony Pulis.
The R's are 19th in the Barclay's Premier League table and could do with a season climax.
Ramsey says he is encouraged by the likes of Pulis, but believes his own tactics are the reason he was entrusted with keeping QPR in the top flight.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 823, Total accepted tokens: 823, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A teenage girl has appeared in court accused of plotting to travel overseas to join Kurdish rebels in the fight against the Islamic State. Sixth-form student Silhan Ozcelik, 18, went missing from her Kurdish family’s home in north London last October, while she was still only 17. The Old Bailey head how Ozcelik travelled on the Eurostar with another man to Stuttgart, Germany, where the Kurdish Workers’ Party (PKK) youth movement have its headquarters. Sixth-form student Silhan Ozcelik, 18, is accused of preparing to carry out a terrorist attack in October 2014 . The teenager, who is of Kurdish heritage, was then detained at Stansted Airport after she returned to the UK from Germany on January 16. Ozcelik, from Clissold Park, north London, has been charged with one count of engaging in preparation for terrorist activity in October 2014. As the hearing was taking place, protestors gathered outside the Old Bailey with banners and flags to voice their disapproval at the trial. The Kurdistan Workers’s Party (PKK) is a Kurdish rebel organisation founded in 1978, originally fighting for self-determination and political rights for Kurds in Turkey. As the hearing was taking place, protestors gathered outside the Old Bailey with banners and flags to voice their disapproval at the trial . More recently PKK have been fighting to relieve Kurdish enclaves, such as Kobani in Syria, which has come under attack from ISIS. PKK is listed as a terrorist organisation by NATO, the United States and the European Union. After appearing in court today via videolink, the teenager was again in remanded in custody by Mr Justice Sweeney. She is due to enter pleas to the allegations on June 12. Her trial date is set for September 7. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sixth-form student Silhan Ozcelik, 18, is accused of preparing to carry out a terrorist attack.
Teenage girl went missing from her Kurdish family's home in north London last October.
She was then detained at Stansted Airport after she returned to the UK from Germany.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 824, Total accepted tokens: 824, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Leicester City midfielder Esteban Cambiasso knows what it feels like to claim football's biggest prizes but says saving the Premier League strugglers from relegation would be one of the highlights of his career. Cambiasso, a former Argentina international, claimed five Serie A titles at previous club Inter Milan where he also won the Champions League in 2010. 'For me, it's like another cup,' he told the BBC on Thursday. Leicester City midfielder Esteban Cambiasso (left) says beating relegation would be like winning a trophy . He joined Leicester last summer on a free transfer and signed a one-year deal at the King Power Stadium . 'When you start another season you have an objective, and this is the objective for us. 'For me, winning a cup or winning the league with another team is the same now as having the possibility to save Leicester in the Premier League.' Leicester, promoted last season, will have their work cut out to avoid an immediate return to the second tier. The Foxes are rock-bottom of the 20-team table, seven points adrift of 17th placed Sunderland and without a league win since January. 'I understood when I signed for Leicester it's not an easy job to stay in the Premier League,' he said. 'It's a difficult situation but I think we have our chances to win matches. There's a quarter of the Premier League left. 'I think some people think for Leicester all is finished. But I'm sure, because I watch my team mates every day, we can save Leicester and stay in the Premier League.' Nigel Pearson's side face West Ham United at home on Saturday. Cambiasso won five back to back Serie A titles between 2005 and 2010 while playing for Inter Milan . Cambiasso played for Argentina 52 times between 2000 and 2011, scoring five goals for his country .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Leicester City midfielder Esteban Cambiasso says saving the club from relegation would be one of his career highlights.
The 20-year-old has won five Serie A titles at previous club Inter Milan.
Leicester City are rock-bottom of the 20-team Premier League table.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 825, Total accepted tokens: 825, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew insists Manchester City can come from behind again to snatch the Barclays Premier League title from Chelsea. City overtook Liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions last season and in 2012, Sergio Aguero's injury-time strike in the final game sank Manchester United on goal difference. Chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand but Pardew, whose Palace side host City on Monday, believes the race is far from over. Alan Pardew cups his ears during a clash between Crystal Palace against Stoke and the Eagles boss has refused to rule Manchester City out of the title race . Manchester City won the Premier League title last season after going top with one game to play . Sergio Aguero's dramatic injury time winner against QPR in 2012 sealed City's first Premier League title win . 'Of course they are still in the title race, it's been proven many times the race is never over,' Pardew said. 'Even when City won it, it went to the last seconds. 'It's the great thing about the Premier League, you can't take victories for granted.' Pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of the match against City. Marouane Chamakh, Fraizer Campbell (both hamstring) and Jordon Mutch (thigh) are still out while captain Mile Jedinak is suspended.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Crystal Palace manager Alan Pardew says Manchester City can come from behind.
City overtook Liverpool with one match to go before being crowned champions last season.
Chelsea are currently six points clear at the top of the table with a game in hand.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 826, Total accepted tokens: 826, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Hull City have reapplied to the Football Association to have the club name changed to Hull Tigers after the initial request was blocked. The move angered fans who believed they had won the battle to keep their current when the FA council voted against it by 47 votes to 27. But Hull boss Steve Bruce ahs revealed the club have once again asked FA for permission to rebrand as Hull Tigers. Hull City will become Hull Tigers if club owner Assem Allam gets his way after the previous failed attempt . Hull City owner Allam remains keen on changing his side's name despite fans' anger . An arbitration panel has ruled that owner Assem Allam can make another application to change the name. Bruce said: ‘To be perfectly honest, as I've said repeatedly, the owner knew weeks ago that he had the right to challenge the appeal and he wanted to just go quiet on it. ‘There’s no disputing his views have not changed (regarding the name change). That’s the kind of man he is so we have to respect those views. Hull boss Steve Bruce has revealed owner Allam has reapplied to change the name of his side . 'For what he has done for the club – and I say this repeatedly – he’s put it on the map a little bit and he’s put his hard earned money so he’s entitled to have his opinion. ‘Now you are going to get some, and we’re all traditionalists, that will be opposed to it but hopefully there is a middle ground where everybody can find a solution. 'I think at the moment we put it to one side and make sure that Hull City/Hull Tigers are going to be in the Premier League next year and we can have that debate in the summer.’<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hull City have once again asked the FA for permission to change their name.
The club will become Hull Tigers if the owner gets his way.
The club's owner has been keen to change his side's name since the decision was rejected.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 827, Total accepted tokens: 827, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for Swansea's home clash with Hull... Swansea City vs Hull City (Liberty Stadium) Team news . Swansea . Swansea will make a late check on Ecuador winger Jefferson Montero before Hull's Barclays Premier League visit to the Liberty Stadium on Saturday. Montero suffered a muscle strain against Mexico during the international break and the injury is not as serious as first feared but on-loan Spurs midfielder Tom Carroll is definitely out after damaging ankle ligaments on England Under 21 duty and might not play again this season. Swansea's Jefferson Montero (right) suffered a muscle strain during Ecuador's 1-0 defeat by Mexico in a Los Angeles friendly on Saturday . Midfielder Leon Britton and defender Kyle Bartley are both back in training after being absent in recent weeks and have been added to the Swansea squad. Provisional squad: Fabianski, Naughton, Fernandez, Williams, Taylor, Cork, Ki, Shelvey, Routledge, Sigurdsson, Gomis, Tremmel, Rangel, Amat, Bartley, Fulton, Britton, Montero, Dyer, Emnes, Oliveira, Grimes, King. Hull . Mohamed Diame and James Chester will make their long-awaited returns to the Hull squad for Saturday's trip to Swansea. Gaston Ramirez is also fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty. Mohamed Diame scores a goal for Hull against Crystal Palace earlier in the season, but the midfielder hasn't featured for the Tigers since early December . Tom Huddlestone is suspended while Nikica Jelavic and Robert Snodgrass (both knee) remain sidelined. Provisional squad: McGregor, Harper, Davies, Dawson, McShane, Robertson, Bruce, Chester, Elmohamady, Livermore, Diame, Meyler, Quinn, Hernandez, Aluko, Ramirez, N'Doye. Kick-off: Saturday, 3pm . Odds (subject to change): . Swansea 5/6 . Draw 12/5 . Hull 7/2 . Referee: Andre Marriner . Managers: Garry Monk (Swansea), Steve Bruce (Hull) Head-to-head league record: Swansea wins 28, draws 16, Hull wins 23 . Key match stats (supplied by Opta) Swansea City have not lost back to back Premier League home games since January 2014. Hull City have won just one of their last 14 Premier League away matches (W1 D6 L7). The Tigers have won none of their seven Premier League matches against fellow “City”s this season (W0 D3 L4). Hull have won four and lost just one of the last seven league meetings with Swansea. No side in the Premier League this season have averaged fewer touches in the opposition box per game than Swansea (16) and Hull (15). Swansea have seen just seven players score for them in the Premier League this season and their top goalscorer (Bony – nine) is no longer at the club. Swansea are looking to record a league double over Hull having beaten the Tigers 1-0 in December thanks to a Ki Sung-yueng (right) goal, who here celebrates his winner with team-mate Jonjo Shelvey . Hull City have won just three points (D3 L5) in the eight games that Nikica Jelavic has missed this season. They have scored just five goals in these matches. Since the start of 2013-14, Ahmed Elmohamady has fired in 412 crosses from open play in the Premier League; 89 more than any other player. Hull have conceded 12 goals from outside the box this season in the Premier League; more than any other side. The Tigers have attempted just 95 shots (excl. blocked) away from home this season in the Premier League; fewer than any other side.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Swansea City and Hull City to play at Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
Swansea will make a late check on Ecuador winger Jefferson Montero.
Midfielder Leon Britton and defender Kyle Bartley are both back in training.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 828, Total accepted tokens: 828, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A man who lost his sight 12 years ago has discovered a love of painting and can create amazing images just by touch. John Bramblitt, 42, had epilepsy from the age of 11 and over the next 19 years it slowly caused him to lose his eyesight. At the age of 30, the artist from Denton in Texas was completely blind. Despite this, he decided that an inability to see should not prevent him from painting. Scroll down for video . Artist John Bramblitt, right, discovered his love of painting after losing his sight some 12 years ago . The artist uses a special technique using a fabric paint to create an outline before colouring in the work . Despite never seeing his guide dog, Mr Bramblitt was able to create this highly accurate painting . Mr Bramblitt uses a special fabric paint with raised edges to sketch the outline of his work, before filling in the gaps. Over the next 12 years he was able to refine this technique until he was able to work seamlessly. First he forms a picture in his mind and uses fabric paint to produce an outline before filling in with paints with different textures based on colour. Mr Brambitt said: 'When I lost my sight I began to learn how to use senses in new ways to accomplish tasks I was used to doing with my eyes. 'I began painting because I wanted to reconnect with people; to let people know even though I have epilepsy, even though I am blind, I'm still me in here. 'The recognition my painting and workshops has brought has meant more connections with an incredible number of brilliant people from all over. 't gives me a great optimism for the future.' Video courtesy: DMA.org . Mr Bramblitt uses a special technique to transfer the scene which he imagines onto the canvas . Mr Bramblitt developed epilepsy aged 11 which slowly resulted in him losing his eyesight . Mr Bramblitt, left, uses a special technique to help him translate his visions onto the canvas, right . The artist has sold limited edition prints of his work for $150 each as well as original artworks . Mr Bramblitt said his love of painting has giving him reason to be optimistic for his future . Mr Bramblitt went blind at the age of 30 after suffering from epilepsy since the age of 11 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: John Bramblitt lost his sight 12 years ago after suffering from epilepsy since the age of 11.
He uses a special technique using a fabric paint to create an outline before colouring in the work.
Despite never seeing his guide dog, he was able to create this highly accurate painting.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 829, Total accepted tokens: 829, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for Chelsea's home clash with Stoke... Chelsea vs Stoke City (Stamford Bridge) Team news . Chelsea . Chelsea will make a late decision on whether Diego Costa will play in Saturday's match with Stoke. The striker suffered a hamstring injury in the Premier League leaders' win at Hull last time out and withdrew from Spain duty, but may not be risked despite being passed fit following the international break. Chelsea's Diego Costa may not be risked against Stoke following a hamstring injury . Midfielder John Obi Mikel will not be considered despite recovering from his knee problem. Provisional squad: Courtois, Cech, Ivanovic, Luis, Fabregas, Zouma, Ake, Ramires, Oscar, Hazard, Drogba, Remy, Costa, Matic, Willian, Cuadrado, Cahill, Terry, Azpilicueta, Blackman, Loftus-Cheek. Stoke . Stoke forward Jonathan Walters is expected to shake off a calf knock in time to be available for Saturday's Barclays Premier League trip to leaders Chelsea. Defender Marc Muniesa is set to return to the matchday squad after missing five games because of a hamstring problem. Stoke's Jonathan Walters (14) challenges Poland's Jakub Wawrzyniak for the ball as the  striker featured in Republic of Ireland's 1-1 draw at the Aviva Stadium during last week's Euro 2016 qualifier . The Potters also have Victor Moses fit again - but he will not be able to feature this weekend as the opposition is the on-loan winger's parent club. Provisional squad: Begovic, Butland, Shawcross, Wilson, Wollscheid, Muniesa, Bardsley, Pieters, Teixeira, Cameron, Whelan, Adam, Nzonzi, Sidwell, Ireland, Arnautovic, Diouf, Walters, Crouch. Kick-off: Saturday, 5.30pm - Sky Sports 1 . Odds (subject to change): . Chelsea 2/7 . Draw 9/2 . Stoke 10/1 . Referee: Jonathan Moss . Managers: Jose Mourinho (Chelsea), Mark Hughes (Stoke) Head-to-head league record: Chelsea wins 40, draws 18, Stoke wins 23 . Key match stats (supplied by Opta) Chelsea are the only team in the four divisions of English football who have not lost a home match in the league this season. The Potters have failed to score in six of the last seven Premier League games against Chelsea. Chelsea have won 10 and lost just one of the 13 Premier League meetings with Stoke City. Stoke City have scored 97 goals away from home in Premier League history. After winning 10 straight Premier League home matches, Chelsea have scored only once in each of their last four and drawn three of them (W1). Cesc Fabregas celebrates scoring late on in Chelsea's 2-0 win at Stoke back in December . The Blues have conceded just eight goals in their last 22 Premier League matches at Stamford Bridge, keeping 16 clean sheets in that run. Chelsea have kept five clean sheets in a row against Stoke at Stamford Bridge and overall they have kept nine shut outs in 13 Premier League meetings. Peter Crouch has scored just seven Premier League goals this season, but they have won Stoke City nine points. Conversely, Diego Costa’s 19 PL goals have only earned Chelsea eight points. Chelsea have opened the goalscoring in 23 of their 29 Premier League games this season; more often than any other side. The Blues have not allowed their opponents a single shot on target in four games this season; no other side has stopped opponents on more than two occasions.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Chelsea and Stoke City to play at Stamford Bridge on Saturday.
Chelsea striker Diego Costa may not be risked against Stoke.
Chelsea have not lost a home match in the Premier League this season.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 830, Total accepted tokens: 830, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ibrox has been a happy hunting ground for the Edinburgh clubs this season. Three league visits have been made. Three defeats inflicted on Rangers. Stuart McCall believes his side now owe it to their fans to amend that record in their final chance of the regular season when Hearts come calling on Sunday. The Tynecastle side won 2-1 on their previous trip to Govan last August, while Hibernian have racked up 3-1 and 2-0 victories. Rangers boss Stuart McCall wants to win one visit from an Edinburgh club at Ibrox this season . However, a 2-0 success at Easter Road 12 days ago could have marked a turning point for Rangers in their previously flagging push for promotion. And McCall believes a significant home victory over the Championship title winners would be the ideal confidence boost for his play-off hopefuls. ‘There will be a big crowd there on Sunday and we owe the fans a real morale-boosting victory, we got that at Easter Road and it would be nice to turn over Hearts as well,’ he told the Rangers website. ‘I want to see a good energetic confident performance and to go toe-to-toe with a very good side. But I believe we are a very good side when we play our best. ‘I will have a few headaches running up to Sunday regarding team selection, people seem to think there will be three at the back the same as at Hibs, but Hearts are a very different side. Danny Wilson scores the opening goal as Hearts beat Rangers at Ibrox back in August . ‘This game isn’t how people thought it would be at the beginning of the season and if you look at the consistency they’ve shown then it is full credit to them. ‘They will have had all the plaudits and rightly so, but it’s all about us on Sunday and we have a long way to go this season. ‘We want to keep the momentum going and keep the belief in each other. It’s about looking around the dressing room now and knowing you can trust your team-mates, knowing that he is going to go to the end for you and get that ball for you. ‘There if one thing every successful side needs and it is togetherness and a good work ethic – hopefully we are getting that and added to that is confidence and good quality players. ‘We aren’t getting carried away and I am sure there will be one or two ups and downs towards the end of the season. ‘But it’s what happens at the end of the season and Sunday will be a big stepping stone for us.’ Kenny Miller celebrates after scoring against Edinburgh club Hibernian at Easter Road . McCall views Hearts’ 2-0 win over Rangers at Tynecastle in November – when Steven Smith was sent off during the first half – as a pivotal moment in the season. ‘Hearts are incredible, they’ve got 81 points out of 90 and everyone knows how well they’ve done,’ added McCall, who took over from Kenny McDowall last month. ‘They have been playing at such a high level all season - their consistency levels, the amount of goals they’ve scored and their fitness levels. ‘I certainly thought it was a turning point in November when we went there; we were the better side for half an hour and then a sending off changed the game. ‘It went from us being three points behind to nine points and gave them that confidence and knocked us out of our stride a little bit and they have just gone from strength to strength.’<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Edinburgh clubs have been in the Scottish Premier League this season.
Three league visits have been made by the Tynecastle side.
Rangers boss Stuart McCall believes his side now owe it to fans to amend record.
McCall believes a significant home victory over the Championship title winners would be the ideal confidence boost for his play-off hopefuls.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 831, Total accepted tokens: 831, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ulster have announced the signing of New Zealand international Charles Piutau. Piutau, who can play full back, wing or centre, has agreed a two-year deal from July 2016. He has won 14 caps for the All Blacks, making his Test debut against France two years ago. 'To secure someone of Charles' ability is hugely exciting for us,' Ulster team manager Bryn Cunningham said. New Zealand international Charles Piutau will join Ulster on a two-year deal from 2016 . The 23-year-old has played for the Blues in New Zealand since 2012 and has won 14 caps for the national side . 'Our aim is to produce local players with the ability to play for Ulster and Ireland, and then supplement them with top-quality internationals. 'As he has shown for both the (Auckland) Blues and New Zealand, he has searing pace and great feet. He has an exceptional off-loading game and he is rock-solid in defence. 'He also possesses leadership qualities and maturity beyond his years, and that came across strongly in my conversations with him.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Charles Piutau has agreed a two-year deal with Ulster from July 2016.
The 23-year-old has played for the Blues in New Zealand since 2012.
He has won 14 caps for the All Blacks, making his Test debut against France two years ago.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 832, Total accepted tokens: 832, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah helped Fiorentina to a 2-0 win over Sampdoria on a rain-drenched pitch which lifted their team into fourth place on 49 points. Former West Ham midfielder Diamanti struck just after the hour mark, before on loan Chelsea winger Salah added a second just two minutes later. Miralem Pjanic's goal gave AS Roma a 1-0 win over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday, their first home victory for more than four months. Mohamed Salah continued his scoring streak as the on-loan Chelsea midfielder struck again . Salah turns away after scoring Fiorentina's second in their 2-0 win over Sampdoria . Roma struck in the 25th minute when Alessandro Florenzi set up Pjanic after a string of precise passes and his low shot beat keeper Mariano Andujar. Pjanic, who was also on target when Roma last won at home against Inter Milan in November, gestured towards the press box after his goal. Elsewhere on Saturday, Carlos Tevez scored a thunderous free kick to help leaders Juventus beat Empoli 2-0 to stay 14 points clear at the top. Salah embraces fellow goalscorer and team-mates Alessandro Diamanti during the Serie A win . The Argentine's fierce free kick from inside the area two minutes before the break and a Roberto Pereyra tap-in in stoppage time gave Juve their fourth win in a row. AC Milan notched their first away win in over five months when Jeremy Menez out-ran two defenders and delivered an unstoppable shot to give his side a 2-1 victory over Palermo. Milan are eighth on 41 points, six adrift of fifth-placed Napoli. Inter Milan were denied their first win in five games in a 1-1 draw with bottom club Parma, who continue to show great resolve despite players not being paid since the beginning of the season. Cesena came back from a three-goal deficit in Verona to earn a point that left them third-bottom on 22 points, four behind Atalanta who lost 2-1 at home to Torino.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Alessandro Diamanti and Mohamed Salah help Fiorentina to a 2-0 win over Sampdoria.
Diamanti scores just after the hour mark before Chelsea winger Salah scores second.
Miralem Pjanic's goal gives AS Roma a 1-0 win over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday.
Carlos Tevez scores a thunderous free kick to help leaders Juventus beat Empoli 2-0.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 833, Total accepted tokens: 833, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Kevin de Bruyne's agent has denied a deal in his place for his client to leave Wolfsburg in the summer but admitted that a number of clubs are keeping an eye on the Belgian star. De Bruyne has become one of the hottest prospects in European football after starring in the Bundesliga - being linked with Manchester City and Bayern Munich. Speaking to FOCUS Online, Patrick De Koster revealed that the midfielder is a wanted man but no deal for a move away is in place. Kevin de Bruyne (right) is wanted by a host of clubs but no transfer away from Wolfsburg has been agreed . He said: 'There are always interested teams and there has been some informal contact. 'People have asked me how Kevin is doing, how he has been developing superbly and putting in good performances. That is only normal in situations like this. There have not been any concrete offers, though. German champions Bayern, along with City and Manchester United are known to have watched De Bruyne but De Koster is keen to speak to Wolfsburg and show them the respect he feels they deserve. The Belgian is one of the hottest prospects in European football after starring for his side this season . 'I can assure you there have not been any talks with Bayern Munich. When you want to know whether Bayern are interested in signing Kevin, you should ask [sporting director] Matthias Sammer or [technical director] Michael Reschke. It is true that I have worked with Reschke before, but that does not mean anything now. 'We will sit down with Wolfsburg first, that is a matter of respect. They supported Kevin during a difficult period, when he was unhappy at Chelsea.' Since leaving Chelsea, De Bruyne has established himself as one of the best playmakers in the Bundesliga .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kevin de Bruyne is a wanted player but no deal for a move away from Wolfsburg has been agreed.
The 20-year-old has been linked with Manchester City and Bayern Munich.
De Bruyne has become one of the hottest prospects in European football after starring in the Bundesliga.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 834, Total accepted tokens: 834, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Swansea manager Garry Monk is out to claim a season-first against Hull on Saturday - pick up some points after an international break. Monk's men have enjoyed an excellent campaign by being in the top 10 all season and are currently in eighth place with the club's best Barclays Premier League points total in sight. Swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark posted in their inaugural Premier League campaign in 2011-12. Garry Monk is out to claim a season-first against Hull by picking up a point after an international break . The Swansea boss gestures towards his striker Bafetimbi Gomis during a training session this week . It is a campaign which has exceeded so many expectations but Swansea have yet to pick up a point after an international break this term, although in mitigation those have been away games at Chelsea, Stoke and Manchester City. 'International breaks are never easy because it does disrupt your preparations but we have to put that right on Saturday,' Monk said ahead of Hull's visit to the Liberty Stadium. 'A lot of the players come back later on in the week and you might get only two or three days preparation with some of them. 'But these are the decisions you have to make, you assess them when they come back and see where they are physically and mentally. 'You see how well they did in those games, make sure there's nothing from that and then select your side. 'But I don't read too much into those games we've had after the international break because we've been unlucky in some of them.' Wayne Routledge (right) marked by Kyle Naughton during the session as Swansea prepare for Hull . Swansea captain Ashley Williams (centre) in training as they look to end their post-international break duck . Swansea are seeking a double over relegation-troubled Hull after winning 1-0 at the KC Stadium just before Christmas. But Monk says games between the two clubs have always been tight affairs and he is not expecting anything different this time. 'I watched their last game against Chelsea and thought they performed extremely well and were unlucky to lose,' Monk said. 'We've always had close games with Hull. It's a tough physical game with them but they have got quality to hurt us if we're not on our game. 'This is it, the business end of the season and everyone's fighting for their own reasons. 'Hull are trying to stay away from danger at the bottom of the table, they will be very determined and we have to be prepared for that. 'But we're in good form at the moment and we're trying to push on and focus on our own agenda.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Swansea manager Garry Monk is out to claim a season-first against Hull on Saturday.
Swansea have eight more games to collect the five points needed to beat the 47-point mark.
Monk says games between the two clubs have always been tight affairs.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 835, Total accepted tokens: 835, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are billed as two great rivals of modern day football but if former Brazil striker Ronaldo has his way, they could one day be in the same team. The 2002 World Cup winner is a co-owner of second tier United States side Fort Lauderdale Strikers and Ronaldo wants to leave no stone unturned in his quest to make the side a major global force. The ex-Barcelona and Real Madrid striker admitted his desire to see the best talent in the world at his club. Ronaldo says he 'would pay out of his own pocket' to sign Lionel Messi to his United States football team . Cristiano Ronaldo is also a target for ex-Brazil and Inter Milan striker's US team . Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States team, Fort Lauderdale Strikers . 'I would pay from my own pocket to sign Messi,' Ronaldo is reported as saying in Marca. 'This club will be great. Why not Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo why not? In a few years we can achieve it. Nothing is impossible.' Ronaldo believes that football will continue to grow in popularity in the United States and that the lifestyle on offer in America appeals to the elite calibre of players. 'The US is the second country in the world after China, where football grows,' Ronaldo said. 'Many famous players want to come to play South Florida for the quality of life. Who would not want to live here?'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Cristiano Ronaldo is a co-owner of second tier United States side Fort Lauderdale Strikers.
Ronaldo says he would pay out of his own pocket to sign Lionel Messi to his United States team.
Ronaldo believes that football will continue to grow in popularity in the United States.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 836, Total accepted tokens: 836, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Northampton will await expert opinion before deciding when George North will next play after confirming the Wales wing will miss Saturday's European Champions Cup quarter-final at Clermont Auvergne after his latest head injury. North has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months, including in last Friday's 52-30 win over Wasps, and was on Wednesday being assessed by a neurologist. 'We won't play him at the weekend,' Saints director of rugby Jim Mallinder said. George North lies motionless on the Franklin's Gardens turf after being knocked out against Wasps . 'Clearly he had a nasty knock. He did get knocked unconscious for a very short period of time. Thankfully he was well looked after, he came round very quickly and has had no real bad adverse after-effects. But even so, we won't play him this weekend. 'He's making good progress. He's improving and down there at the moment going to see a neurologist and we'll wait to see what the experts say. 'We've got to make sure the medical experts are happy and satisfied that he is fit to return to play and as soon as they say he is, then we'll be happy to pick him again.' North left the field unconscious after scoring the second of two tries in Saints' win, with Wasps forward Nathan Hughes sent off for dangerous play as the Wales wing touched down. Hughes protested his innocence but on Tuesday was banned for three weeks. North also suffered blows to the head on Wales duty in the autumn and during the RBS 6 Nations when twice he had head knocks in the opener against England, controversially continuing before being stood down for the Scotland clash. Former World Rugby medical adviser Dr Barry O'Driscoll says North - the top try-scorer in the competition with seven this season - should not play again this term. Nathan Hughes arrives late as North touches down - moments later his leg connected with the wing's head . Mallinder is not unduly concerned but will await medical opinion. 'There's been lots of opinion over the last few days in particular,' Mallinder said. 'We've got to be careful that we don't blow anything out of proportion. 'It's a tough game. George has said that himself. People who play the game understand that there are inherent dangers, I suppose, of playing. 'We're always going to have incidents but player welfare will always come first. We will make sure we follow all protocols.' North might have been eligible for Saturday's match, had he passed the return to play concussion protocols. Mallinder added: 'If it was his first one (concussion) then we would be considering him, if he passed all the protocols that he had to and was available. 'Seeing as it's not his first then it's the sensible thing to take specialist opinion.' Mallinder was reluctant to comment on Hughes' three-week ban - a punishment which left his Wasps team-mate James Haskell to tweet 'astounded would be an understatement' - but insisted he did not want to see the incident repeated. The Welshman receives medical treatment on the pitch before being taken off on a stretcher . Mallinder said: 'I said at the time I think it was a red card offence. I still do. The disciplinary process has taken place and that's what he's got. 'You've got to be very, very careful. George North scored a try and therefore there wasn't much anybody could do about that. 'You've got to make as much effort as you can to get away from that incident. We don't want that happening again.' The English champions will, without North, bid to end Clermont's 22-game unbeaten run in European competition at Stade Marcel-Michelin. Two previous meetings have been won by the Frenchmen, who have never lost a home quarter-final in the competition. Mallinder said: 'It is going to be a massive challenge but we have had a few of these challenges over the years. 'I know when we have got a big game because you see in training when the intensity goes up. 'We have got a lot of players used to playing in big games. We are looking forward to it.' North is congratulated after scoring the first of his two tries against Wasps on Friday night .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Northampton will await expert opinion before deciding when George North will next play.
North has been knocked unconscious three times in recent months.
North left the field unconscious after scoring the second of two tries in Saints' win.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 837, Total accepted tokens: 837, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Cesar Azpilicueta is counting down the games until Chelsea win the Barclays Premier League title, and he thinks they have shown their strength by staying top of the table since 'day one'. The Spanish defender and his club team-mates sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday, six points clear of nearest rivals Manchester City with a game in hand. The Blues have long been considered title favourites and Azpilicueta puts that down to the lightning start they made back in August, winning seven of their first eight games to take up first place early on. Cesar Azpilicueta (centre) is counting down the games until Chelsea win the Barclays Premier League title . Azpilicueta's Chelsea sit top of the table ahead of facing Stoke City at Stamford Bridge on Saturday at 3pm . In fact, Jose Mourinho's men have only briefly relinquished the title lead, on goal difference, since their impressive 3-1 win over Burnley at Turf Moor in their season opener back on August 18. Their form has dipped at points since, most notably in defeats to Newcastle United and Tottenham Hotspur, but Azpilicueta is confident that Chelsea have been able to get through their bad moments unscathed. 'We have been top of the table since day one,' he said. 'We kept that position obviously and had very good moments, as well as some less good moments, but we were there still top of the table and this is the strength of the team. 'You can be up and down, but you have to be focused on the target and I think now we are in a very good position.' Jose Mourinho's men have only briefly relinquished the title lead since their opening 3-1 win over Burnley . Diego Costa scored in the opening weekend win at Turf Moor and has scored 18 more in Chelsea's title bid . Chelsea signed Atletico Madrid left back for £16million in the summer, but he has been largely kept out of the team by Azpilicueta who has consistently played in his less-natural position rather than at right back. Unsurprisingly, the 25-year-old Spaniard - who has had two weeks off after not being selected for his national team - is pleased to have kept his place under new competition within the Chelsea squad this season as they go in search of a league and Capital One Cup double. Filipe Luis (right) arrived for £16million at Chelsea in the summer but has been kept out by Azpilicueta . 'If you ask every player in every team, they are going to say they want to play and when you do not play, obviously you are not as happy as when you do play,' Azpilicueta told Sky Sports. 'I have to go out on the pitch and give everything, to try to fight for every ball, to play and be useful for the team. And obviously when I finish the game and I feel I have given everything and we win, I am happy. 'There are individual battles in the game that you have to win. And after, if we win every one then I think the team will also win.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Chelsea sit top of the Barclays Premier League table with six points clear.
The Blues have only briefly relinquished the title lead since their opening win.
Cesar Azpilicueta says Chelsea have been able to get through their bad moments unscathed.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 838, Total accepted tokens: 838, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Mohamed Diame will make his long-awaited return for Hull when the Tigers travel to Swansea on Saturday. Hull boss Steve Bruce has confirmed that the Sengalese midfielder, signed for £3.5million from West Ham in the summer but who has been out for more than four months with a knee injury, will be involved at some stage of the match. Bruce said: 'He will be involved. Physically he's immense, he's terrific, but he has been out for four months with a horrible injury. Mohamed Diame is set to return from injury for Hull City's visit to Swansea City on Saturday . The return of the £3.5m Senegalese midfielder is a boost for Hull as they face a relegation battle . Hull are currently just three points above the Premier League drop zone with eight matches remaining . April 4 Swansea City (A) April 11 Southampton (A) April 18 Liverpool (H) April 25 Crystal Palace (A) May 4 Arsenal (H) May 9 Burnley (H) May 16 Tottenham Hotspur (A) May 24 Manchester United (H) 'He's okay but we have to careful with him, though we also only have eight games left. Let's hope he stays injury-free because he had a wonderful start with us here - four goals in seven games. 'He has trained and he has done everything he can physically in training. I would have loved to have had him back before but it was not possible.' The 27-year-old French-born midfielder's return could not be more timely for Hull as they look to secure their Premier League status for another season, and defender James Chester is also available again after a dislocated shoulder. Bruce admitted that Hull, currently 15th in the table, have a tough run-in - what he referred to as 'the tickly bit' of the season - but insists the side are in good form. He added: 'In the last few weeks we have played well but we have not got the results we hoped for. Now we have to make sure we turn those performances into points.' Manager Steve Bruce is pleased to have Diame back as Hull enter the 'tricky bit of the season' Owner Assem Allam has again applied to the Football Associations that the team's name become Hull Tigers . Bruce added that he hoped the ongoing debate over the proposed name change for the club can be put to one side for the rest of the season - an arbitration panel has ruled that owner Assem Allam can make another application to change the name to Hull Tigers after it was initially refused by the FA council who took into account opposition from fans' groups. 'For what he has done for the club, putting it on the map and putting in his hard-earned money, the owner is entitled to have an opinion,' said Bruce. 'Hopefully there's a middle ground but at the moment I hope it can be put to one side and we make sure that Hull City/Hull Tigers are in the Premier League next season and we can have that debate in the summer.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hull City midfielder Mohamed Diame will make his long-awaited return for the club.
The Sengalese midfielder has been out of action for more than four months with a knee injury.
Diame will be involved in Hull's visit to Swansea on Saturday.
Thput (tok/s): 33.96 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 839, Total accepted tokens: 839, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his season-long loan finishes at Southampton, according to the Spanish club's sporting director Jose Luis Perez Caminero. The Belgian defender, 26, has impressed this season on the South Coast, and has hinted in the past that he would like to remain permanently in the Premier League, with Tottenham also believed to be admirers. But Atletico say they are counting on Aldeirwereld to return to La Liga, as well as Oliver Torres who has been plying his trade in Portugal with Porto. Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid once his loan spell ends at Southampton . 'Our coaches follow a detailed monitoring of all the players that are loaned to other teams,' Caminero told Atletico's official website. 'We are very pleased with their performance and growth in general. Oliver [Torres] and Alderweireld, for example, are finishing a very good season with Porto and Southampton and we are counting on them for the next campaign.' Alderweireld contract expires in June 2017, and has been a key part of a defence with Southampton that has seen Ronald Koeman's side challenge for the Champions League places. Alderweireld holds his head during Belgium's Euro 2016 qualifier with Israel in Jerusalem last week .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Toby Alderweireld will return to Atletico Madrid when his loan spell ends at Southampton.
The Belgian defender has been loaned to the South Coast club since January.
Alderweireld has hinted in the past that he would like to remain permanently in the Premier League.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 840, Total accepted tokens: 840, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Swansea's England Under 21 international Tom Carroll faces up to six weeks on the sidelines due to ankle ligament damage. Carroll, who is on loan from Tottenham, was hurt during England Under 21s' 1-0 victory over the Czech Republic last Friday. He scored the only goal as England triumphed in Prague. Tom Carroll celebrates after scoring the winning goal for England Under 21s against Czech Republic . The Swansea midfielder is mobbed by his team-mates after steering the U21s to victory on Friday . Carroll has made 18 appearances for Swansea during his season-long loan spell from Tottenham . A Swansea spokesman has confirmed that the 22-year-old midfielder is now expected to be out for between four and six weeks. Carroll has so far made 18 appearances for the Swans after joining them last summer on a season-long loan. Swansea manager Garry Monk, meanwhile, is understood to be awaiting results of a scan on winger Jefferson Montero, who reportedly suffered a muscle strain playing for Ecuador against Mexico last weekend. Swansea resume their Barclays Premier League on campaign on Saturday when they host Hull City.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England Under 21 international Tom Carroll faces up to six weeks on the sidelines.
Swansea midfielder hurt ankle ligament during England Under 21s' 1-0 victory over the Czech Republic.
Carroll scored only goal as England triumphed in Prague.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 841, Total accepted tokens: 841, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Franck Ribery says he has no chance of playing against Borussia Dortmund this week after failing to recover from injury, and admits he 'can't even run'. The Bayern Munich winger limped off against Shakhtar Donetsk after picking up an injury at the beginning of last month, in a game where Bayern also lost fellow winger Arjen Robben . But Ribery is hopeful he could be back for the German Cup quarter-finals against Bayer Leverkusen in midweek. French ace Franck Ribery celebrates his Champions league goal against Shakhtar Donetsk . Bayern Munich winger Ribery is tackled by Braunschweig's defender Benjamin Kessel . 'At the start of the week it was bad and I could not do anything,' the winger told Goal. Only on Wednesday was I able to ride a bike again. This injury came at a terrible time, I was just getting in form. Now I have had to stop for three weeks. 'The problem was I started to train again after the Shakhtar match too soon; that was a mistake. There are many important matches coming and I hope I can help the team.' 'I have no chance [of playing against Dortmund],' he added. 'I can't even run. I tried last week and was in pain immediately. This situation is difficult, but I have to be at 100 per cent first. This is important, looking at the upcoming challenges.' Ribery celebrates scoring with Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola and Belgian defender Daniel van Buyten . Ribery and Karim Benzema during the international friendly match between France and Paraguay . 'The next days will show what the chances are [of playing against Leverkusen]. The important thing is to start running again without pain. Only then am I able to work with more intensity and work with the team again. I need time, but we don't have it. I must be patient. 'We have two big matches ahead of us. Dortmund know how to win against us and the cup match in Leverkusen is even more important. Two good results would be good heading into the Champions League. We need to have confidence and we must not underestimate Porto.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Bayern Munich winger Franck Ribery says he has no chance of playing against Borussia Dortmund this week.
The 27-year-old Frenchman limps off against Shakhtar Donetsk after picking up an injury at the beginning of last month.
Bayern Munich winger Ribery is hopeful he could be back for the German Cup quarter-finals against Bayer Leverkusen in midweek.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 842, Total accepted tokens: 842, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm could make his first Bundesliga start since returning from an ankle injury by appearing against Borussia Dortmund on Saturday. Midfielders Franck Ribery (ankle), Arjen Robben (stomach) and Javi Martinez (knee), and defender David Alaba (knee) are all out, coach Pep Guardiola added on Friday. He was not yet sure about defender Holger Badstuber (hip), while midfielder Thiago Alcantara could play 'maybe a few minutes' as he recovers from long-standing knee injuries. Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm has made a full recovery from a broken ankle . Pep Guardiola will be without a number of his first-team stars for his side's match against Dortmund . Lahm has made only two substitute appearances for Bayern since breaking his ankle in training on November 18, and Guardiola attempted to take some pressure off his captain by warning that the whole team has to work together to compensate for missing players. 'Robben is great in one on ones, also coming in, scoring goals from the side. Ribery too. Without them, we don't have players for one on ones, so we have to pass the ball,' Guardiola said. 'The players have to know, we need more, more, more. We need 100 per cent.' Alaba became the latest on Bayern's injury list when he tore a left knee ligament while on duty for Austria. The left back is expected to miss the rest of the season. 'It's not good news for anyone,' said Guardiola. 'Up to now, we've coped, and carried on. And we have to do that now.' Arjen Robben (centre) and Franck Ribery (right) have been ruled out of Bayern's upcoming match . David Alaba is likely to be out for the rest of the season after sustaining a knee injury . While at pains to state the injuries were not an excuse, he pointed out that they were mounting at a crucial point of the season with Bundesliga, German Cup and Champions League games coming up. Bayern has seven games in the next 22 days. 'The squad Bayern have put together is there to fight for all the titles. No excuses. If we don't win, it's our fault,' Guardiola said. 'We're happy to play in April with all the (title) possibilities still open. Now every game is a final. Earlier in the season if you don't win you carry on. Now if you lose, that's it. We don't want any more injuries.' When asked if this was the most difficult time he had faced in his second season at Bayern, Guardiola replied, 'Yes, definitely.' He was nonetheless looking forward to Saturday's visit to Dortmund, which has struggled this season and was bottom at the beginning of February. 'The quality of the side, the coach, the team, is higher than (indicated) by their table position. The quality is still there,' Guardiola said. 'The game is like a final. It's not a final, but we're fighting to defend our title, and Dortmund are fighting for the Champions League or Europa League.' He added: 'My experience with Dortmund and (coach Jurgen) Klopp is of their pressing, their attacking game. It's good that way. It will be a super, super game.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm could make his first Bundesliga start since returning from an ankle injury.
Midfielders Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben and Javi Martinez are out.
Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola will be without a number of his first-team stars for his side's match against Dortmund.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 843, Total accepted tokens: 843, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Veteran Burnley defender Michael Duff believes manager Sean Dyche could one day take charge of England. Dyche, 43, has a growing reputation having overseen a remarkable transformation of fortunes since arriving at Turf Moor in October 2012. The former Chesterfield defender made a nonsense of the relegation favourites' tag to lead the Clarets to an unlikely promotion from the Championship to the top flight last season. Burnley veteran defender Michael Duff is preparing to take on Tottenham in the Premier League on Sunday . Duff has backed his manager Sean Dyche to one day take charge of the England team . The 37-year-old has played in eight different divisions before finding himself taking on the likes of United . This term they are attempting to defy the odds again and with eight games remaining they have a fighting chance of survival in the Barclays Premier League. Burnley are next in action on Sunday when they host Tottenham. Duff, 37, said: 'He has been first class. I've learned a lot from him, little things he does, and I think he will go on to be a top manager. 'Hopefully he will stay here a bit longer and (Burnley will) achieve some more with him. I cannot see why somebody will not give him an opportunity from what he has done here.' Asked if he would be surprised if former Watford boss Dyche ever managed England, Duff said: 'No, in a word, having worked with him and the way he gets the best out of players. 'Most of our players have played the majority of their careers in the Championship or lower than that and we are competing against multi, multi-million pound squads and we are alive and kicking. 'So, he has managed to get the best out of us. If he can do that at a higher level, why not?' Duff has hopes of following Dyche into management himself after retirement. The former Northern Ireland international still intends to prolong a career that has seen him play in the country's top-eight tiers with Cheltenham and Burnley, but he has firm plans for life beyond it. He said: 'I've done my Pro Licence and I want to stay in football after I've finished playing. 'I have no plans to stop playing at the minute. I still love getting up for training in the morning. It's not a bad job running around chasing after a football. 'But you look at the game differently when you get to my age. The Pro Licence is nearly all based on management, so you look at sessions differently, look at the manager's presentations - and this one isn't a bad manager to learn from.' Dyche has improved Burnley's fortunes since he took over at Turf Moor in October 2012 . The high point of Burnley's season, so far, is the 1-0 defeat of defending champions Manchester City .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Michael Duff believes manager Sean Dyche could one day take charge of England.
Dyche has a growing reputation having overseen a remarkable transformation of fortunes.
Dyche has made a nonsense of the relegation favourites' tag to lead the Clarets to promotion.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.95
Total generated tokens: 844, Total accepted tokens: 844, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Mauricio Pochettino has given Harry Kane his blessing to play in the European Under 21 Championships this summer. Roy Hodgson has confirmed the Tottenham striker will be in Gareth Southgate's squad for the tournament in the Czech Republic this summer, despite making his senior England debut last week. Kane is also set to travel to Australia and Malaysia this summer ahead of the championships. Harry Kane, in action for England against Italy, will play for the U21s at this year's European Championships . Kane made his first start for England against Italy after coming off the bench, and scoring, against Lithuania . Nevertheless, Pochettino has given Kane the green light to participate in the competition despite the striker's workload. 'I think that we have eight very important games ahead and we have time to think about a lot of things that happen in the future. 'Can he play for the Under 21s? Why not? We want to help the national team, the player and we have a very good relationship. We need to share the decision. The first is the player, the FA and us. The 21-year-old frontman scored just minutes into his England debut at Wembley last week . Mauricio Pochettino has given Kane his blessing to play in the European Championships this summer. Kane, pictured in action against Leicester in March, has been hugely impressive for Tottenham this season . But Pochettino insists he will have the final say on whether Kane makes the long-haul post-season trip to Australia and Malaysia. 'He is our player and after if I decide he is in the squad to go to Sydney, it's our decision. But I think we have time to speak in the future about that.' Meanwhile, Hugo Lloris will miss Saturday's clash against Burnley with a gashed knee sustained in the win over Leicester before the international break. Kane, celebrating after he scored against Arsenal in February, will be available to play for the Under 21s .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tottenham striker Harry Kane set to play for England's U21s at European Championships.
Kane will play for the U21s at this year's European Championships in the Czech Republic.
Kane made his first start for England against Italy after coming off the bench.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 845, Total accepted tokens: 845, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Alvaro Morata wants to continue his development at Juventus and has no interest in rejoining Real Madrid, according to his agent Beppe Bozzo. The 22-year-old joined the Italian giants for £15.8million last summer after failing to break into the Real first-team on a regular basis. Morata signed a five-year deal at the Juventus Stadium after starting just three games in La Liga for Real during the 20113-14 campaign. Alvaro Morata is happy at Juventus and has no interest in joining Real Madrid, according to his agent . And the Spain international has impressed since moving to Turin - having netted seven goals in 22 Serie A matches so far this season. Madrid have a buy back option on the forward but Bozzo insists Morata is keen to fulfill his five-year deal at the Juventus Stadium and develop as a player. 'The situation just now is very favourable for Juve. When it comes to important players like him, we almost always have the last word, regardless of clubs or clauses,' Bozzo told Tuttosport. 'Morata is fine at Juve, he is not thinking about anything else. It all depends on what the player wants, just as it was when he decided to leave Madrid a year ago. Morata (left) started just three La Liga games for Real last season - in a season of limited opportunities . 'Alvaro is not a hypocrite, he says what he thinks. He will not have a foot in both camps. A few days ago he said that Juve is fine and that he isn't thinking of returning to Madrid; he wants continue to grow with Juve. Even to me he has always expressed the same idea. 'No club, not even one as powerful as Real, can spend so much money to sign a player who does not want to move. 'He is already worth twice as much as Juve spent to buy him - at least €40 (£29) million.' 22-year-old (left) has scored seven goals in 22 Serie A matches so far this campaign for Juventus .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Alvaro Morata has no interest in rejoining Real Madrid, according to his agent.
Morata signed a five-year deal at the Juventus Stadium after failing to break into the Real first-team.
The Spain international has impressed since moving to Turin.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 846, Total accepted tokens: 846, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Brentford manager Mark Warburton was delighted to see his side triumph 4-1 against Fulham in a hard-fought west London derby at Craven Cottage. Stuart Dallas fired home two superb strikes while a sublime free-kick from second-half substitute Alan Judge and a late fourth from Jota ensured all three points. Brentford moved to fifth in the table on 69 points with six games left to play and remain firmly in play-off contention. Brentford boss Mark Warburton was delighted with his Brentford side's win over local rivals Fulham . Stuart Dallas scored twice to put the Bees in a commanding lead at Craven Cottage on Saturday afternoon . Warburton said: 'I'm really pleased. The first 10-15 minutes we were, not slow but it was a big local derby, the atmosphere was electric, but after that 15-minute spell I thought we were very good. 'I like the way we moved the ball and maintained pace and we were good for our lead at half-time. They were great strikes from Stuart Dallas but what disappointed me was their penalty, I thought it was as soft as they come and it changed the game. 'For the next 10 minutes the Fulham crowd were up and their players were naturally up as well and we had to defend stoutly. 'But then Judgey hit a tremendous free-kick and Jota got an outstanding fourth goal. It keeps us going. We are in contention, be that for top or the play-offs, we are still in with a chance. Brentford players celebrate after Jota put the result beyond doubt in injury time to make it 1-4 . Alan Judge scored Brentford's third goal, helping the Bees move up to fifth in the Championship . 'We can't worry about what other teams do. I don't know how many points we will need. We can only worry about ourselves and make sure we do all the things we need to do.' Striker Ross McCormack fired home a 67th-minute penalty for Fulham, who remain 20th - seven points above the drop zone. Fulham manager Kit Symons added: 'It is a little bit of a recurring theme which is very frustrating. We are playing good football, creating chances, we are on top in games but are not making it count. 'When you get those situations in football you need to make it count, you need to get a goal. A lot of the time we are chasing at the moment. You saw it at the Leeds game. Brentford goalkeeper David Button lifts his arms to the sky in celebration at his side's fourth goal . Fulham boss Kit Symons admits his team aren't yet safe from relegation in the Championship . 'Ultimately people just look at the score line at the end of the game and 4-1 looks like a hammering but the actual fact of the matter is that it wasn't. 'We were well in the game but obviously we didn't get anything out of it. We shot ourselves in the foot for the first two goals. 'You need to get and press the ball, by being goal side you think you are protecting the goal. They were a couple of great strikes from them for a few of the goals but we didn't get out and press the ball. 'We are not out of it (relegation trouble), we have work to do, especially with Millwall winning today.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Brentford beat Fulham 4-1 in a hard-fought west London derby at Craven Cottage.
Brentford move to fifth in the table on 69 points with six games left to play.
Fulham remain 20th in the table on 32 points with six games left to play.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 847, Total accepted tokens: 847, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The Barclays Premier League have announced the final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season. As the campaign reaches its climax, both Sky Sports' and BT Sport's allocation have been revealed with the race for the Champions League featuring prominently. Chelsea vs Liverpool on May 10 and Manchester United vs Arsenal on May 17 are arguably the standout games from the live batch. The TV schedule for the final day of the season, Sunday, May 24, will be announced at a later date. Juan Mata celebrates scoring for Manchester United at Liverpool last month in a live TV match . Manchester United beat Arsenal at the Emirates in the Premier League earlier this season . Saturday, May 2 . 12.45pm: Leicester City v Newcastle United (BT Sport) 5.30pm: Manchester United v West Bromwich Albion (Sky Sports) Sunday, May 3 . 1.30pm: Chelsea v Crystal Palace (Sky Sports) 4pm: Tottenham Hotspur v Manchester City (Sky Sports) Monday, May 4 . 8pm: Hull City v Arsenal (Sky Sports) Saturday, May 9 . 12:45pm: Everton v Sunderland (BT Sport) 5:30pm: Crystal Palace v Manchester United (Sky Sports) Sunday, May 10 . 1:30pm: Manchester City v Queens Park Rangers (Sky Sports) 4pm: Chelsea v Liverpool (Sky Sports) Monday, May 11 . 8pm: Arsenal v Swansea City (Sky Sports) Saturday, May 16 . 12:45pm: Southampton v Aston Villa (BT Sport) 5:30pm: Liverpool v Crystal Palace (Sky Sports) Sunday, May 17 . 1:30pm: Swansea City v Manchester City (Sky Sports) 4pm: Manchester United v Arsenal (Sky Sports) Monday, May 18 . 8pm: West Bromwich Albion v Chelsea (Sky Sports)<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Barclays Premier League announce final set of televised fixtures for the 2014-15 season.
The final day of the season, Sunday, May 24, will be announced at a later date.
The TV schedule for the final day of the season, Sunday, May 24, will be announced at a later date.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 848, Total accepted tokens: 848, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Somersaulting high in the skies with dizzying abandon, it is hard to imagine that this U.S. fighter jet is some 70 years old - and reconstructed from more than 200 parts. The Quick Silver P-51D Mustang has been painstakingly restored by father-and-son team Bill and Scooter Yoak as a tribute to American servicemen who have died in combat. And as this stunning on-board video shows, they have done their countrymen proud. Stunning video shows an American P-51D Mustang fighter jet taking to skies after a painstaking restoration . The fighter jet is some 70 years old and was reconstructed from more than 200 parts by a father-and-son team . The P-51, nicknamed The Resurrected Veteran, was pieced together by Bill Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand, and is flown by Scooter at air shows around the country. Originally built in 1945, it was among scores of long-range, single-seat bombers rolled out during World War Two and later used in the Korean War before being retired in the 1980s. The Yoaks say their aircraft was a 'celebration of our nation's armed forces', adding: 'Every aspect of the paint represents those who have served and those who gave the ultimate sacrifice.' Writing on their website Quick Silver Mustang, they said: 'The black cape covering the front of the aircraft represents the veil of protection that our armed forces give us. 'That veil is one of the reasons why we have what we have today - freedom.' Dizzying: Bill and Scooter Yoak restored the plane as a tribute to U.S. servicemen who have died in combat . Vertigo-inducing flight: The Yoaks say their aircraft is a 'celebration of our nation's armed forces' The cape extends to the back of the canopy, spreading out and dividing into feathers, which they say 'symbolises the eagle that has flown with every aviator since the birth of aviation in 1903.' They add: 'The black paint has tiny sparkling stars in it, each sparkle represents an American Veteran that served our great country; the unsung stars in our lives. 'These veterans are the glimmering star in a mother’s eye, a wife or husband’s heart, a son or daughter’s hope for the future. 'As this silver bird quickly streaks across the sky, let us not forget those who served, sacrificed, and gave their all. God Bless America!' Historic: Originally built in 1945, the plane was among scores of long-range, single-seat bombers rolled out during World War Two and later used in the Korean War before being retired in the 1980s . Public tribute: The jet was pieced together by Bill Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand, and is flown by Scooter at air shows around the country . In their memory: Every aspect of the paint represents those who have served and gave the ultimate sacrifice .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: The Quick Silver P-51D Mustang is some 70 years old.
The jet was pieced together by Bill Yoak, who did all the metal work by hand.
The jet was flown by Scooter at air shows around the country.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 849, Total accepted tokens: 849, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Brazil's World Cup stadium in Natal is up for sale as the company that owns it is suffering from cash flow problems following a corruption scandal. Natal's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS, with the company also trying to sell the 50 percent share it owns of the Fonte Nova arena in Salvador. The company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation at state-controlled oil company Petrobras, which undercut the builder's access to financing. A general view of Natal's Dunas Arena during the World Cup match between Italy and Uruguay last year . An economic downturn, government austerity and a slumping currency has also taken its toll, leading to Grupo OAS to announce it is selling its stakes in the stadiums and other businesses to focus on the core construction business. OAS spent 591 million reais (around £126 million) on completely rebuilding the old Fonte Nova arena in Salvador and 423 million reais (£90 million) on the new Dunas area. The Fonte Nova hosted six games in the 2014 tournament and the Dunas Arena four. The announcement was the latest in a string of bad news for Brazilian football post-World Cup. Holland take on Costa Rica in a World Cup quarter-final at Salvador's Fonte Nova arena last July . Earlier this week Esporte Club Bahia, one of the biggest clubs in Salvador, said they were abandoning plans to use the Fonte Nova because they felt the owners did not respect their fans. Several other stadiums have seen bigger crowds for concerts and religious events than for football and the ground in Cuiaba was closed because of structural problems.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Natal's Dunas Arena is being sold by owner Grupo OAS.
The company has struggled for months with the impact of a corruption investigation.
The announcement was the latest in a string of bad news for Brazilian football.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 850, Total accepted tokens: 850, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A group of U.S. senators has written to football's world governing body FIFA, calling for Russia to be removed as host of the 2018 World Cup because of its role in the Ukraine crisis and occupation of Crimea. In a letter dated Tuesday and released on Wednesday, the 13 Democratic and Republican U.S. lawmakers said they 'strongly encourage' FIFA to move the global competition. 'Allowing Russia to host the World Cup inappropriately bolsters the prestige of the (Russian President Vladimir) Putin regime at a time when it should be condemned and provides economic relief at a time when much of the international community is imposing economic sanctions,' the senators wrote to FIFA President Sepp Blatter. FIFA president Sepp Blatter announces Russia as the host nation for the 2018 World Cup . Republican John McCain is one of 13 US senators urging FIFA to think again . The lead signers were Senator Robert Menendez, the top Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and Senator Ron Johnson, the Republican chairman of the foreign relations panel's Europe subcommittee. Republican Senator John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, also signed the letter, as did Senator Richard Durbin, the number two Democrat in the Senate. England are planning a bid to host Eur 2028 after last holding the tournament at home in 1996 . Meanwhile, England are interested in bidding for Euro 2028 but are very unlikely to bid for the 2026 World Cup, FA chairman Greg Dyke has revealed. FIFA announced last week that the decision on the 2026 tournament will be made in 2017 - when Blatter is still likely to be FIFA president. The FA has decided not to bid for FIFA tournaments while Blatter is still in power following England's failed bid for 2018, but is eyeing a bid for the European Championship in 2028.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: U.S. senators write to FIFA president Sepp Blatter.
They say Russia should not host 2018 World Cup.
They say Russia's role in Ukraine crisis and occupation of Crimea.
England are planning a bid to host Eur 2028.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 851, Total accepted tokens: 851, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Five people, including the son of the governor of Sao Paulo, have died after a helicopter crashed into a house in the Brazilian city. According to official sources Thomaz Alckmin, son of Geraldo Alckmin, the city governor, was one of the victims after the aircraft came down in a residential neighborhood, . The crash happened in the Carapicuiba area on the outskirts of Sao Paulo at around 5.20pm local time yesterday. Scroll down for video . The helicopter came down on a house in the Carapicuiba area of Sao Paulo killing five people, one of whom was reportedly Thomaz Alckmin, son of Sao Paulo governor Geraldo Alckmin . No one was thought to have been in the house, the roof of which was clearly devastated by the impact . It is thought the damaged house had been under construction. It is understood three mechanics were killed . A friend of the younger Mr Alckmin, Carlos Isquerdo, was piloting the helicopter. Television reports showed aerial footage of firefighters working on the crash scene, which was strewn with the shattered remnants of the craft. No one was thought to have been in the house, the roof of which had been devastated by the impact. Officers could be seen evacuating residents from the area. It is also understood the damaged house was under construction. Authorities said they were investigating the cause of the crash. According to reports the aircraft was making a test flight after the exchange of a main rotor blade. It is understood three mechanics, as well as the pilot, were among the dead. Firefighters and policemen set up a cordon in the Sao Paulo off street where the helicopter crashed yesterday . The crash happened in the residential area of Carapicuiba. Authorities said they were investigating the cause .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Five people, including son of Sao Paulo governor, have died after helicopter crash.
No one thought to have been in the house, the roof of which was clearly devastated.
The helicopter came down on a house in the Carapicuiba area of Sao Paulo.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 852, Total accepted tokens: 852, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Venezuela captain Juan Arango has apologised to a rival player after biting him on the shoulder at the end of a tempestuous Mexican league match. Arango's Tijuana side were losing 4-3 to Monterrey with just seconds left when he went up to midfielder Jesus Zavala and bit him. 'I did something I shouldn't have done with Zavala,' the 34-year old midfielder said. Juan Arango (left) bites the shoulder of opponent Jesus Zavela in a moment of madness . Zavala holds his shoulder after being bitten by Arango, in the game Zavala's side won 4-3 . Zavala shows the referee the mark on his shoulder after being bittern by Arango . Arango (right) earlier scored a magnificent free kick to bring his club Tijuana team level against Monterrey . 'I spoke to him after the game and apologised, it was a very hot-blooded game, I got heated up, I took that negative attitude, that isn't me but unfortunately it happened. We exchanged shirts after the game, we spoke and that's it over.' Zavala fell to the ground and later posted a photo of the bit mark on social media. The incident was reminiscent of Uryguayan Luis Suarez's bite on Italian Giorgio Cheillini's shoulder during last year's World Cup. Suarez was given a nine-game suspension from international matches and a four-month ban from league action. The referee in Sunday's Mexican league game ended the game seconds after the bite and did not take action against Arango. The league's disciplinary commission could still punish him. Tijuana are top of the table with 23 points from 12 games. Monterrey are in 10th on 16 points.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Juan Arango bites rival midfielder Jesus Zavala on the shoulder during a Mexican league match.
Arango's Tijuana side were losing 4-3 to Monterrey with just seconds left.
Arango's Tijuana side were top of the table with 23 points from 12 games.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 853, Total accepted tokens: 853, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Paul Merson has restarted his row with Andros Townsend after the Tottenham midfielder was brought on with only seven minutes remaining in his team's 0-0 draw with Burnley on Sunday. 'Just been watching the game, did you miss the coach? #RubberDub #7minutes,' Merson put on Twitter. Merson initially angered Townsend for writing in his Sky Sports column that 'if Andros Townsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody.' Paul Merson had another dig at Andros Townsend after his appearance for Tottenham against Burnley . Townsend was brought on in the 83rd minute for Tottenham as they drew 0-0 against Burnley . Andros Townsend scores England's equaliser in their 1-1 friendly draw with Italy in Turin on Tuesday night . The former Arsenal man was proven wrong when Townsend hit a stunning equaliser for England against Italy and he duly admitted his mistake. 'It's not as though I was watching hoping he wouldn't score for England, I'm genuinely pleased for him and fair play to him – it was a great goal,' Merson said. 'It's just a matter of opinion, and my opinion was that he got pulled off after half an hour at Manchester United in front of Roy Hodgson, so he shouldn't have been in the squad. 'When I'm wrong, I hold my hands up. I don't have a problem with doing that - I'll always be the first to admit when I'm wrong.' Townsend hit back at Merson on Twitter after scoring for England against Italy . Sky Sports pundit  Merson (centre) criticised Townsend's call-up to the England squad last week . Townsend hit back at Merson after netting for England in Turin on Wednesday, saying 'Not bad for a player that should be 'nowhere near the squad' ay @PaulMerse?' Any bad feeling between the pair seemed to have passed but Merson was unable to resist having another dig at Townsend after Tottenham drew at Turf Moor.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Paul Merson has restarted his row with Andros Townsend after Tottenham draw with Burnley.
Merson angered Townsend for writing in his Sky Sports column that 'if Andros Townsend can get in (the England team) then it opens it up to anybody.'
Townsend hit back at Merson after scoring for England against Italy.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 854, Total accepted tokens: 854, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Reports of Cristiano Ronaldo's decline have been greatly exaggerated: The Real Madrid forward scored five goals against Granada, taking his tally in La Liga to 36 for the season - more than half of Europe's top teams. Granada were torn to shreds by Ronaldo and his Real team-mates as the European champions won 9-1 at the Bernabeu, and their Portuguese talisman managed the first five-goal haul of his career. His record of 36 league goals for the season overtook Lionel Messi's 32 strikes, and put him in the incredible position of having scored more goals than 53 of the 98 teams in Europe's top five leagues this season. Cristiano Ronaldo scored an incredible five goals against Granada to lift his tally for the season to 36 . Granada were torn to shreds by Ronaldo and his Real team-mates as the European champions won 9-1 . The Portuguese star now has more goals than 53 teams in Europe's top leagues, including nine in England . There are nine teams in the Barclays Premier League who have managed fewer goals in the league than Cristiano Ronaldo has this season. They are: . Stoke City, Newcastle United, West Bromwich Albion, Hull City, Aston Villa, Sunderland, Queens Park Rangers, Burnley and Leicester City. Ronaldo took some flak last month after a series of poor performances for Real, but his goalscoring has never waivered and even through a difficult period he managed six goals in 10 games, the sort of record most strikers can only dream of. And his displays across the season have brought more goals than the likes of Newcastle United, Malaga, Borussia Dortmund, Torino and Lille. The first three of his five goals against Granada marked the quickest hat-trick of his career, coming in just eight first half minutes. Another followed 16 minutes later, and his last came 35 minutes after that. Ronaldo's displays across the season have brought more goals than the likes of Borussia Dortmund and Lille . It all adds up to a brilliant Easter Sunday for the world's best player, and he spoke of his delight afterwards . Lionel Messi and Barcelona came out on top in El Clasico but he has fewer league goals than Ronaldo . Borussia Dortmund, who can boast Marco Reus among their ranks, have fewer goals than the Real talisman . While Ronaldo overtook Messi on the goalscoring charts, the hat-trick - which could have been doubled - levelled the Argentine's record of 24 La Liga trebles. He almost matched Real legend Alfredo Di Stefano's 28 hat-tricks for Los Blancos in what was their biggest league win in 48-and-a-half years. It all adds up to a brilliant Easter Sunday for the world's best player, and he posted on Twitter after the game, saying: 'Happy to have scored 5 goals with this excellent team work. Thank you for all your support.' If the critics still see Ronaldo as greedy, it certainly paid off at the Santiago Bernabeu on Sunday. Premier League: Stoke City, Newcastle United, West Bromwich Albion, Hull City, Aston Villa, Sunderland, Queens Park Rangers, Burnley, Leicester City. La Liga: Malaga, Athletic Bilbao, Rayo Vallecano, Real Sociedad, Celta Vigo, Espanyol, Getafe, Levante, Eibar, Elche, Deportivo la Coruna, Almeria, Granada, Cordoba. Bundesliga: Augsburg, Borussia Dortmund, Mainz, Cologne, Hertha Berlin, Freiberg, Hannover, Hamburg, Paderborn, Stuttgart. Serie A: Torino, Sassuolo, Udinese, Empoli, Chievo, Atalanta, Cesena, Cagliari, Parma. Ligue 1: Lille, Rennes, Nantes, Guingamp, Nice, Bastia, Evian, Lorient, Toulouse, Metz, Lens.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Cristiano Ronaldo scores five goals against Granada to lift his tally for the season to 36.
Ronaldo's record of 36 league goals for the season overtook Lionel Messi's 32 strikes.
Ronaldo now has more goals than 53 of the 98 teams in Europe's top five leagues this season.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 855, Total accepted tokens: 855, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Hull bounced back from Thursday's derby defeat to Hull KR to snatch a surprise 28-20 victory at Langtree Park, condemning St Helens to a third straight defeat. A long-distance Jamie Shaul try was enough to seal a win that shocked the home side, who appeared to be hanging on after their Good Friday exertions. The injury-hit champions - who were in the wars again last week, losing to rivals Wigan - started with two teenage debutants in their three-quarters, and Hull sensed that there were some seams to pick at. Fetuli Talanoa (left) celebrates scoring against St Helens as Hull recorded a shock victory . Hull took an early lead after forcing a repeat set from a fumbled high kick and then another from offside on the line. That pressure finally told when Joe Westerman and Leon Pryce combined to create the space for Shaul to slip through. Jordan Rankin added the extras to make it 6-0. A Saints penalty from a high tackle put them in a good attacking spot and from there nice work from Lance Hohaia and James Roby sent the supporting Tommy Makinson skipping through. Makinson tagged on the two to level the match. And Saints were soon back for more and this time a lovely short ball from Jordan Turner sent Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook powering over the whitewash, with Makinson adding the goal . Tom Makinson, who brought Saints level after Shaul's early try, breaks away from two tacklers . The to-and-fro nature continued and a pair of Hull penalties gave them a great position to have another crack at the line with wing Curtis Naughton just managing to get the ball down despite tackle of Bailey to cut the deficit to 12-10 on 24 minutes. Saints very nearly hit right back with fresh-legged Alex Walmsley believing he had cashed in on a Hull dropped ball with a try, only for the in-goal touch judge to rule a knock on in the build up. Saints made a tactical switch at the break, with youngster Bailey withdrawn and the backline reshuffled. Hull hit the front eight minutes into the second half when former Saint Leon Pryce made a telling intervention, attacking the line and getting the ball down despite the tackle. Rankin's goal made it 16-12 to the visitors. Saints almost hit back immediately with a great break by Roby carving open the Hull defence, but although that play was foiled on the line they were soon back for more. Joe Westerman and Mark Minichiello stop Andre Savelio as Hull recorded a vital win at St Helens . And from a penalty on 54 minutes Turner, playing against his former club, showed some determination in driving towards the posts. Makinson improved to put Saints 18-16 ahead. Saints did suffer a stroke of bad luck when Adam Swift pieced the Hull left flank and was looking dangerous but then lost the ball. Hull forced an error when Hohaia was adjudged to have knocked on a high Pryce kick. From there the visitors piled on the pressure and that finally told when a floated wide ball sent Fetuli Talanoa over on 66 minutes. Rankin missed the goal but Hull had a two-point lead and looked determined to defend it. The visitors' defence holds firm to stop Josh Jones breaking through as Jordan Rankin brings him down . A penalty from a high tackle allowed Makinson to level from 30 metres nine minutes from time, but the Saints were hanging on. After a high kick was caught and returned quickly by Swift, Saints were soon back on the front foot, but a fumble by Ashworth on the halfway line turned the ball over. Hull countered ruthlessly with Shaul showing a great turn of pace and nimble footwork to turn Makinson inside out to run in from halfway. Rankin goaled and to compound Saints' misery the restart kick went out on the full. Hull worked their way down field with Rankin slotting another penalty to make the game safe with three minutes to play.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hull bounce back from Thursday's derby defeat to Hull KR to snatch a surprise 28-20 victory.
A long-distance Jamie Shaul try was enough to seal a win that shocked the home side.
The injury-hit champions start with two teenage debutants in their three-quarters.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 856, Total accepted tokens: 856, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: La Liga strugglers Almeria have named former Barcelona player Sergi Barjuan as their third coach of the season. The 43-year-old Barjuan replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on Sunday, a day after Almeria lost 4-1 at home to Levante. Almeria confirmed that if all the necessary paperwork is complete Barjuan will coach Almeria's away match at Barcelona on Wednesday. Almeria have named former Barcelona defender Sergi Barjuan (right) as the club's new manager . Barjuan made 53 international appearances for Spain between 1998 and 2004 . Barjuan spent nine years at Barcelona as a defender and played in two World Cups for Spain. He coached Recreativo in Spain's second division from 2012-14. Almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches. The club fired their first manager of the season, Francisco Rodriguez, in December.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Almeria confirm that Sergi Barjuan will coach their away match at Barcelona.
Barjuan replaces Juan Ignacio Martinez, who was fired on Sunday.
Almeria are in the relegation zone after failing to win in seven straight matches.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 857, Total accepted tokens: 857, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: With Easter Sunday just on the horizon, Christians across American observed Good Friday, which commemorates the crucifixion and death of Jesus Christ. 'Way of the Cross' walks took place in Ohio, Pennsylvania and over the Brooklyn Bridge, among others. These were just a few of the events that were taking place all over the world as Holy Week, which began on Palm Sunday, nears its end. Tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession at the Colosseum in Rome. The pope used the service to stress the persecution of Christians. On Thursday the pope washed the feet of 12 inmates and a baby at Rome's main prison in a pre-Easter ritual meant to show his willingness to serve. NEW YORK . A 'Way of the Cross' procession makes its way from Brooklyn to Lower Manhattan on Good Friday in New York . Firefighter John Bartlett holds the cross as the procession reaches Lower Manhattan . The Way of the Cross is made up of fourteen stations that are related to the hours of Jesus Christ's life leading up to and after his crucifixion . The stations include Jesus carrying the cross, Jesus being nailed to the cross and Jesus being placed in the tomb . CALIFORNIA . An actor portraying Jesus carries a cross as he leads a religious procession in Los Angeles . The actors, which are also portraying Roman soldiers, are reenacting the crucifixion of Jesus Christ . There is no celebration of Mass on Good Friday, which many people fast on and abstain from meat . Good Friday is observed as a national holiday in a number of countries, including Australia, Brazil, Spain and the United Kingdom . Good Friday is not a government holiday in the United States but various states observe it as one, including Connecticut, Louisiana, Texas and New Jersey . INDIANA . An actor portraying Jesus is lashed by 'the Romans' during a reenactment of the Good Friday story in LaPorte, Indiana . During the reenactment, a woman tries to comfort Jesus as he rests for a moment . An actor portraying Jesus is raised on his cross during St. Joseph Catholic Church's rendition of the crucifixion . PENNSYLVANIA . 11-year-old T.J. New carries a wooden cross as members of the Forest Hills ministries march between two Methodist churches in Sidman, Pennsylvania . Members of Holy Annunciation Church in Hazleton walked for two miles throughout the city to commemorate the Stations of the Cross . During the procession women of the parish dressed as the women of Jerusalem and wept as Jesus died . At the 12th station, Jesus, portrayed by Luis Arias, is nailed to the cross . MISSISSIPPI . The crucifixion of Christ is reenacted by members of the Hispanic Ministry of The Cathedral of St. Peter the Apostle in The Passion of Christ in downtown Jackson . Cathedral Rector Fr. Anthony Quyet Nguyen, right, leads parishioners during the reenacting of The Passion of Christ in Smith Park . Victor Gomez, assuming the role of Jesus Christ, carries the cross during the reenaction . A number of members of the church played roles and dressed up for the reenactment. The group is the largest and oldest Catholic Hispanic ministry in the Jackson Diocese . OHIO . Reverand Joshua Michaels carries a cross at the start of a Good Friday cross walk in Andover . Participants in a Good Friday cross walk along Route 7 in the village of Andover . Nicholas Prill, right, and Neftali Ortiz carry a large wooden cross during the Ashtabula Area Ministerium Cross Walk . Participants make their way through Ashtabula. Good Friday is followed by Holy Saturday, which commemorates the day that Jesus Christ's body lay in the tomb .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Holy Week, which began on Palm Sunday, nears its end.
Tens of thousands of people flocked to Pope Francis' Good Friday torchlight procession.
The pope used the service to stress the persecution of Christians.
Good Friday is not a government holiday in the United States.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 858, Total accepted tokens: 858, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: From kittens for sale to handymen for hire, the majority of ads posted in newsagents' windows are practical ones. But for one lonely heart, it proved the perfect alternative to internet dating after a man, known only as John, used it to advertise for someone special. In the post, which has gone viral after being photographed and put online, the man sets out his requirements and offers 'a way of life with quality'. 'John' who is reportedly a builder posted this advert in his local newsagents, it has since gone viral after it was spotted by a passer by . John posted his advert, which is written in capital letters in black pen, in the window of his local newsagents in Muswell Hill. It reads: 'John looking for a companion an apprentice / worker / lover for a craft that will change your life and bring you a way of life with quality. It then details a phone number and says: 'Contact... Or call me for interview must be female between 30yrs - 40yrs.' Unfortunately for prospective lovers, John did not specify precisely what the 'craft' referred to was. John placed is advert in a corner shop much like this one (stock photo) The lonely heart, which was posted last week, has now gone viral after it was spotted by an eagle-eyed passer by. The anonymous Londoner then posted a picture of the ad on a Facebook account dedicated to London life where it went viral. One user on the Facebook group jokingly commented: 'I seem to remember this is how that film Saw starts?'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: John, a builder, posted his ad in his local newsagents.
He said he was looking for a companion, worker or lover.
The lonely heart has now gone viral after it was spotted by an eagle-eyed passer by.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 859, Total accepted tokens: 859, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Helsinborg manager Henrik Larsson was forced to play his 42-year-old kit man in goal on Saturday. The former Celtic and Barcelona striker had no option but to play Daniel Andersson  with goalkeepers Par Hansson and Matt Pyzdrowski out injured. Astonishingly, the emergency stopper kept a clean sheet as Helsinborg drew 0-0 against Kalmar in the Allsvenskan season opener. Helsinborg manager Henrik Larsson was forced to play 42-year-old kit man Daniel Andersson in goal . Speaking to local TV after the game, Andersson - a retired goalkeeper who earned one cap for Sweden in 2001 - said: 'It was a scenario that I never could have prepared myself for. Going from kit man, to goalie coach, to playing. 'I am a goalie coach first and foremost. But now I have set the standard.' Larsson added: 'You have to be impressed. He [Andersson] is almost 43 and didn’t make a mistake in this game. I’m very happy to have Daniel Andersson multi-tasking for our club.' Andersson made 130 appearances for the club between 2004 and 2009 and also spent a season with Scottish club Hibernian during a 22-year playing career. Larsson, pictured in 2013, was impressed with Andersson's display during Helsinborg's 0-0 draw with Kalmar .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Helsinborg manager Henrik Larsson forced to play Daniel Andersson in goal.
The 42-year-old former Celtic and Barcelona striker had no option but to play Andersson.
Astonishingly, the emergency stopper kept a clean sheet as Helsinborg drew 0-0 against Kalmar.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 860, Total accepted tokens: 860, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: It is little over a year since Alan Pardew became involved in a rather ugly touchline confrontation with Manuel Pellegrini while managing Newcastle. Pardew was warned about his behaviour by the FA and wrote to Pellegrini to apologise for the offensive name he called him. On Monday at Selhurst Park, Pardew, now manager of Crystal Palace, meets Pellegrini and Manchester City again having taken steps to change a pattern of behaviour he feared was becoming destructive. After taking advice from the League Managers’ Association, the 53-year-old has benefited from sessions with former international cricketer Jeremy Snape, now a sports psychologist. Alan Pardew called Manuel Pellegrini a 'f***ing old c**t' during Premier League encounter back in . The touchline spat occurred during a Premier League match between Newcastle and Man City in January 2014 . ‘My natural instinct is to be aggressive in the way my teams play,’ Pardew told the BBC. ‘But I have had to learn from my own experiences and not get too involved in that myself. Jeremy has helped me on the sidelines in terms of focusing on what I can control. ‘All the times I have been in trouble (I have reacted) when I felt an injustice so when those issues arise now, I know not to react and that is when I switch the off button.’ Pellegrini’s team are under a little pressure. Now trailing neighbours Manchester United ahead of Sunday’s derby at Old Trafford, Pellegrini knows he must lift his side from a run of results that has seen them lose touch with leaders Chelsea. Crystal Palace boss Pardew believes he has the ability to manage one of England's top sides . Pardew feels he would make a decent job of managing a top-four team if given the chance. ‘I look at the top teams and feel I could do that job better than I’m seeing it being done. But if I work in this part of the league for the rest of my career I will be extremely happy,’ he said. Pellegrini said recently he felt his City squad lacked one really big player. This week, he explained: ‘Well, it is just the way of thinking, that big teams need to sign a big player. It is very difficult to do it every year — but every two years you must do it.’<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Newcastle manager Alan Pardew meets Manchester City and Manuel Pellegrini.
Pardew has taken advice from the League Managers' Association.
Pellegrini's team are under pressure after Manchester United's win.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 861, Total accepted tokens: 861, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for Crystal Palace's home clash with Manchester City... Crystal Palace vs Manchester City (Selhurst Park) Team news . Crystal Palace . Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of his side's clash against Manchester City. However, Marouane Chamakh and Fraizer Campbell are still sidelined with a hamstring injury, while Jordon Mutch has a thigh complaint. Mile Jedinak gives the thumbs up while on international duty with Australia on Monday but he is ruled out for Crystal Palace's gane against Manchester City in the Premier League through suspension . Joining them in being ruled out is skipper Mile Jedinak who is suspended. Manchester City . Manchester City have no serious injury concerns for Monday's Barclays Premier League trip to Crystal Palace. Key midfielder Yaya Toure missed the victory over West Brom a fortnight ago with an achilles injury but has since played twice for Ivory Coast and is fit. Yaya Toure missed Manchester City's last game but returned to action with Ivory Coast as they took on Equatorial Guinea in an Abidjan friendly on Friday . Fellow midfielder James Milner has also been troubled by a knee injury in recent weeks but the suggestions from manager Manuel Pellegrini are that the England international will be available. Provisional squad: Hart, Caballero, Zabaleta, Sagna, Kompany, Demichelis, Mangala, Boyata, Clichy, Kolarov, Milner, Navas, Silva, Nasri, Toure, Fernando, Fernandinho, Lampard, Aguero, Bony, Jovetic, Dzeko. Kick-off: Monday, 8pm - Sky Sports 1 . Odds (subject to change): . Crystal Palace 9/2 . Draw 3/1 . Manchester City 4/7 . Referee: Michael Oliver . Managers: Alan Pardew (Crystal Palace), Manuel Pellegrini (Manchester City) Head-to-head league record: Crystal Palace wins 12, draws 12, Manchester City wins 21 . Key match stats (supplied by Opta) Crystal Palace have won just two of their last eight Premier League home matches (W2 D2 L4). Man City have won the last seven matches in a row against Palace in all competitions. The Eagles have now gone 11 Premier League matches at Selhurst Park without a clean sheet. Manchester City scored with all three shots on target when they met Palace back in December. Alan Pardew has won 20 points from losing positions as a Premier League manager this season (10 at Newcastle, 10 at Palace); more than any other PL boss in 2014-15. Manchester City won on their previous visit to Crystal Palace, as Yaya Toure celebrates scoring the second goal in a 2-0 win last April which helped fire them towards the Premier League title . Crystal Palace have won 19 points in 10 Premier League games under Pardew – two more than they won in their previous 20 PL games in 2014-15 (17 under Millen/Warnock). Sergio Aguero has scored 98 goals in all competitions for Manchester City, but he has not netted in 466 minutes of competitive football for the club. Manchester City have used every substitution available in all of their 43 competitive matches this season. Man City substitutes have contributed 16 goals and assists this season in the Premier League; more than any other team. Glenn Murray has scored four goals in his last four Premier League appearances; this after netting just one in his previous 19.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Crystal Palace and Manchester City clash at Selhurst Park on Monday.
Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew has no fresh injury concerns ahead of clash.
Manchester City have no serious injury concerns for Monday's Barclays Premier League trip to Crystal Palace.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 862, Total accepted tokens: 862, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: World Cup winning rugby star Mils Muliaina has been bailed after being arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. The former All Black, who denies the allegations, was arrested last night after his team was defeated in the quarter finals of the European Challenge Cup. He had come off injured during Connacht's 14-7 defeat at Gloucester last night when he was approached by police. The 34-year-old full back, who has 100 caps for the All Blacks, was led away by officers at the Kingsholm Stadium last night in connection with an allegation in Cardiff in March. Scroll down for video . Former All Black Mils Muliaina, pictured last night playing in Connacht's 14-7 defeat against Gloucester, was arrested after the game in connection with an allegation of sexual assault in Cardiff from March . Married Muliaina is accused of assaulting the woman in a crowded bar in the Brewery Quarter of Cardiff city centre after his Irish team Connacht played against Cardiff Blues last month. He was held in cells overnight before being questioned for more than six hours by detectives in Cardiff yesterday. His solicitor Matthew de Maid said: 'He totally denies all the allegations. He has been helping police with their inquiries and he hasn't been charged with anything.' A spokesperson for Gloucestershire Police said: 'A man in his 30s was arrested at Kingsholm Stadium on Friday 3rd April on suspicion of sexual assault in relation to an incident in Cardiff in March. Muliaina is led away by police following his side's 14-7 defeat by Gloucester on Friday night . The former All Black was arrested at Kingsholm and then led to a police van where he was detained . Muliaina's arrest was captured live on Sky Sports following the Challenge Cup quarter-final . 'The man has been handed over to officers from South Wales Police who are investigating the incident.' Muliaina had been playing for the Irish provincial team against the Cardiff Blues on March 6. He retired from the All Blacks in 2011. A spokesperson for the team said: 'Connacht Rugby can confirm that player Mils Muliaina is currently assisting the South Wales Police with enquiries relating to an alleged incident in Cardiff in March of this year. 'As this is a legal matter, Connacht Rugby will be making no further comment at this time.' The allegation is believed to date from Connacht's visit to the Cardiff Blues on March 6 . Muliaina has 100 caps for the All Blacks and retired from international rugby after the 2011 World Cup victory . Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: World Cup winning rugby star Mils Muliaina has been bailed after being arrested.
The 34-year-old full back was arrested last night after his team was defeated in the European Challenge Cup.
He was led away by officers at the Kingsholm Stadium last night in connection with an allegation of sexual assault in Cardiff from March.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 863, Total accepted tokens: 863, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Confidence in the QPR camp is high heading into Tuesday's crucial Barclays Premier League match at Aston Villa. QPR had lost 13 of 14 league away games before Saturday's vital 4-1 victory at West Brom. The win also saw the west London club to end a five-game losing run, while they remain in 19th place just three points adrift of safety. Chris Ramsey urges his players to calm down during the 4-1 win against West Brom on Saturday . Eduardo Vargas (centre) celebrates with his QPR team-mates after opening the scoring  against West Brom . 'It's a fantastic victory for us,' QPR coach Chris Ramsey said in Monday's press conference. 'The morale has been good, very professional. 'The players have this belief.' QPR want to build on that success in Tuesday's game at Villa Park. 'We are going to approach the game in the same way as we have done in the past,' Ramsey said. Ramsey believes QPR could have won previous games but lacked a finishing touch and also had shaky moments in defence. 'We are hoping that we can be as clinical as we were on Saturday,' he said. QPR were not able to profit from their latest win with an improved league position, but have revealed themselves to be a combative team that have a fighting chance of survival. Bobby Zamora scored QPR's third goal with an astounding lob from a narrow angle against West Brom . Ramsey issues instructions from the touchline as QPR boosted their survival hopes with a vital win . 'We want to put pressure on the teams around us,' Ramsey said. 'Everybody seems to be responding to what others are doing. 'The pressure is equal.' Villa currently hold the last position of safety but have lost their last two league games, including a 3-1 defeat at Manchester United at the weekend. 'I would rather be going into the game with the advantage they have rather than us,' Ramsey said. 'We have more pressure.' Even so, Ramsey knows Tim Sherwood's Villa side are feeling the heat. 'Villa are close to us and they are going to want three points to climb further up above the line,' Ramsey said. Ramsey will be coming up against friend and former colleague Tottenham Tim Sherwood on Tuesday . QPR have a sense of urgency to win at Villa and will have the same mindset when they host Premier League leaders Chelsea on Sunday. Ramsey believes his players can get a good result in both games. 'The Premier League is a league that things happen that you can't expect,' he said. Villa are not going to be at full strength, but Ramsey said: 'I'm sure that they will be able to fill those positions adequately, it's not going to be an advantage.' As for his friend Sherwood, who was put in charge of Villa in February, Ramsey said: 'I'm happy for him that he has gone to a big club like Aston Villa and wish him the best.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: QPR win 4-1 at West Brom on Saturday to end five-game losing run.
Chris Ramsey says his players have 'this belief' and are 'very professional'
Villa are in 19th place in the table and are three points from safety.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 864, Total accepted tokens: 864, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Lydia Ko shot a 2-over 74 on Saturday in the ANA Inspiration, her second straight over-par round after tying the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29. A day after hitting into the water and bogeying the 18th for a 73, Ko made an 8-foot birdie putt on the par-5 hole to keep another long streak going. The 17-year-old New Zealander has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour. 'It always some statistic that is going to get my tail,' Ko said about the birdie streak that she wasn't aware of until after the round. 'Lucky thing that I birdied 18.' Lydia Ko makes a tee shot during round two of the ANA Inspiration at Mission Hills Country Club . Ko looks for her ball in the water on the 18th hole during round two of the ANA Inspiration . She bogeyed Nos. 3, 9 and 13. 'I didn't feel like it was too bad today,' Ko said. 'I just couldn't get the putts to drop.' On Thursday at Mission Hills in the first major championship of the year, Ko shot a 71 to tie the LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par set by Annika Sorenstam in 2004. The top-ranked teen was tied for 50th at 2 under with the leaders still on the course, putting her in danger of ending two more streaks. Ko  lines up a putt for par on the par 5, 18th hole during the second round of the ANA Inspiration o . Ko  plays her second shot at the par 5, 18th hole during the second round of the ANA Inspiration . She has 10 straight top-10 finishes and has finished under par in 17 tournaments in a row since the Women's British Open last summer. She's playing her sixth tournament in seven weeks, also making stops in Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Phoenix and Carlsbad. She won in Australia for her sixth LPGA Tour title and took the Ladies European Tour event in New Zealand the following week. 'I don't feel tired,' Ko said. 'Maybe the body feels a little differently. It has been a lot of golf.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: NEW: Ko ties LPGA Tour record for consecutive rounds under par at 29.
Ko has had at least one birdie in all 187 of her rounds in 49 career events on the tour.
She has 10 straight top-10 finishes and has finished under par in 17 tournaments in a row.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 865, Total accepted tokens: 865, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: No Tiger Woods and no Rory McIlroy in the field is proving no problem in Houston, where record numbers have descended on the small suburb of Humble for the Shell Houston Open. The last tournament before the Masters is proving quite a show-stopper itself thanks to the crowd-pleasing antics of the popular Phil Mickelson and local boy Jordan Spieth. It’s 18 months now since Spieth attracted criticism for giving up on university and joining the PGA Tour as the 809th ranked player in the world. Spieth, only 21, has since risen to number four in the world. Funnily enough, no-one’s criticising him anymore. Spectators have flocked to see Texas local boy Jordan Spieth in action at the Shell Houston Open . Spieth's fellow American Phil Mickelson has also impressed in the run up to the Masters . In seven starts this season Spieth, who finished runner-up on his Masters debut last year, has finished outside the top seven only twice, and here a second-round 66 lifted him to within three shots of the leader, Andrew Putnam. As for Mickelson, he’d hardly played a decent shot this year before posting rounds of 66 and 67 to be one stroke behind at halfway. The stage was set beautifully, therefore, for the two Americans at opposite ends of their careers. Englishmen Justin Rose and Paul Casey were also going well at five shots off the pace.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: No Tiger Woods and no Rory McIlroy in the field is proving no problem in Houston.
The last tournament before the Masters is proving quite a show-stopper itself.
The crowd-pleasing antics of the popular Phil Mickelson and local boy Jordan Spieth.
The stage was set beautifully, therefore, for the two Americans at opposite ends of their careers.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 866, Total accepted tokens: 866, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every Barclays Premier League fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for Aston Villa's home clash with QPR... Aston Villa vs Queens Park Rangers (Villa Park) Team news . Aston Villa . Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood is definitely without a trio of key players for their key game with QPR. Alan Hutton limped off in Saturday's 3-1 defeat at Manchester United with an ankle problem and has been ruled out of Tuesday's game along with Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood. Alan Hutton (left) attempts to play a pass under pressure from Manchester United's Daley Blind in Aston Villa's 3-1 Barclays Premier League defeat at Old Trafford on Saturday . Philippe Senderos and Kieran Richardson (both calf) are doubts along with Tom Cleverley (adductor) and Aly Cissokho (groin) - although they are training - while Libor Kozak is sidelined as he continues to recover from a broken leg. Provisional squad: Guzan, Given, Lowton, Okore, Vlaar, Clark, Cissokho, Kinsella, Delph, Gil, Sanchez, Grealish, Cole, Cleverley, Richardson, N'Zogbia, Agbonlahor, Benteke, Weimann. QPR . QPR are without Chilean winger Eduardo Vargas and South Korean left-back Yun Suk-young for Tuesday's Barclays Premier League clash at Aston Villa. Vargas is ruled out with a knee injury sustained in the 4-1 win at West Brom while Yun will not travel to Villa Park for precautionary reasons after suffering a head injury in the same match. Eduardo Vargas jumps in an attempt to beat West Brom's Chris Baird to the ball in QPR's 3-1 win at the Hawthorns in the Barclays Premier League on Saturday . Hoops boss Chris Ramsey is also without knee-injury victims Richard Dunne, Leroy Fer and Alejandro Faurlin while Darnell Furlong is still sidelined with a calf problem. Provisional squad: Green, Isla, Onuoha, Caulker, Hill, Phillips, Sandro, Barton, Kranjcar, Austin, Zamora; Hoilett, Grego-Cox, McCarthy, Henry, Doughty, Sutherland. Kick-off: Tuesday, 7.45pm . Odds (subject to change): . Aston Villa 21/20 . Draw 9/4 . QPR 11/4 . Referee: Craig Pawson . Managers: Tim Sherwood (Aston Villa), Chris Ramsey (QPR) Head-to-head league record: Aston Villa wins 12, draws 10, QPR wins 21 . Key match stats (supplied by Opta) Aston Villa have scored just seven goals in their last 20 Premier League matches against London sides, and never more than once in a match in that time (W2 D3 L15). QPR have not won back-to-back away games in the Premier League since September 1995. Christian Benteke has scored four goals in his last four league games for Tim Sherwood’s side, more than he had netted in his previous 21 (3). Charlie Austin has been involved in 20 of QPR’s 35 league goals this season (16 goals, four assists). The last season that Queens Park Rangers won both home and away in the league against Aston Villa was back in 1986/87. Charlie Austin celebrates scoring his and QPR's second goal in their 2-0 win over Aston Villa at Loftus Road . Aston Villa have won five and drawn one of their six Premier League games against the Hoops at Villa Park. QPR’s last league win at Villa Park came back in March 1992 (1-0). QPR have scored in each of their last 12 Premier League matches against Aston Villa. Aston Villa have won just one of their last eight Premier League home games (W1 D3 L4). Villa have failed to find the net in four of these eight matches.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Aston Villa and Queens Park Rangers clash at Villa Park on Tuesday.
Aston Villa boss Tim Sherwood without Alan Hutton, Scott Sinclair and Ashley Westwood.
QPR boss Chris Ramsey without Eduardo Vargas and Yun Suk-young.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 867, Total accepted tokens: 867, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Kim Sei-young will take a three-shot lead into the final round of the ANA Inspiration after carding a three-under-par 69 in California on Saturday. The South Korean, who led by two shots at the halfway stage at Mission Hills Country Club, birdied the first hole before a bogey at the par-three fifth halted her progress. Kim returned to one-under par for the round when she picked up a shot at the par-five ninth, before successive birdies on the 16th and 17th moved her to three under-par for the day and 10 under overall. Kim Sei-Young has established a three-shot lead ahead of the final round of the ANA Inspiration . The South Korean shot a three-under-par round of 69 on day three of the competition . The 22-year-old, who won the Pure Silk-Bahamas Classic in February, is in good spirits as she chases her first LPGA major victory. 'If I were to win it tomorrow, it would be the biggest dream ever to come true for me,' Kim told the LPGA Tour website. 'You know, just because, I've watched this tournament since I was young. 'That's why I feel I want it so much more, and I think the opportunity is there in front of me, and if I can, I definitely want to get my hand on it, and for sure it won't be bad jumping into that pond tomorrow.' American Stacy Lewis is second after she shot a 68 with six birdies and two bogeys to lie seven-under. The 2011 winner is one shot clear of Thailand's Ariya Jutanugarn, who shot a best-of-the-day 66, and American duo Brittany Lincicome and Morgan Pressel. World No 1 Lydia Ko toiled again, shooting her second consecutive over-par score, carding 74 . World No 1 Lydia Ko shot her second consecutive over-par score when she could only manage a two-over-par 74, which included three bogeys and a birdie. The 17-year-old New Zealander equalled Annika Sorenstam's LPGA Tour record with her 29th consecutive under-par round in the first round on Thursday, but could not set a new mark when she could only manage a one-over-par 73 on Friday.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kim Sei-young leads by three shots into the final round of the ANA Inspiration.
The South Korean carded a three-under-par 69 on day three of the competition.
Kim Sei-Young is in good spirits as she chases her first LPGA major victory.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 868, Total accepted tokens: 868, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tiger Woods is in it to win it — but it would be a ‘disaster for everyone’ if he limps out of the Masters this week. That is the view of Colin Montgomerie after Woods confirmed his return to competitive golf for the first time since early February, when he withdrew with a back injury in the first round of the Farmers Insurance Open. Having plummeted to 104 in the world rankings and with no kind of competitive action under his belt, beyond the rounds he has amassed in practice in Florida and at Augusta during the past few days, his form is a mystery. Former world No 1 Tiger Woods confirmed earlier this week that he will play at the Masters . Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years . Watch live coverage of all four days of The Masters only on Sky Sports (from 7pm) and from Friday on BBC2 (7pm). But Montgomerie, who will be at the Masters in Augusta commentating for Sky Sports, the only place to watch all four days live, said: ‘He hasn’t entered to make up the numbers, I can guarantee that. Imagine Tiger coming here to the Masters and scoring 69 or 68 in the first day? Suddenly the whole place is alive. It’s a buzz. ‘If Rory McIlroy starts with a 69, 68, so does Tiger, marvellous. ‘It would be fantastic, it would be a buzz around the place, some sort of electricity that we have missed without him. ‘Whether he can win again, who knows? Hey, never mind a major, can he win another event ever again? But let’s hope that it’s not one of these 75, 76, I’ve hurt my back, and goes home. That would be a disaster for everybody.’ Woods has won the Masters on four separate occasions with his last win coming in 2005 . Colin Montgomerie has said it would be fantastic to see a fully fit Woods go up against Rory McIlroy . McIlroy can match Woods in winning the grand slam if he wins the Masters. But 51-year-old Montgomerie believes the man from Northern Ireland will never hold the same dominance over golf that Woods achieved in his prime in 2000. He said: ‘I don’t think we’ll ever see the dominance that Tiger had in that year,’ he said. ‘The golf that was played and the way that it was done, in winning majors by eight and 15 shots, it was just incredible stuff. ‘At this moment in time, the competition is now so severe that any lapse at all, and there is someone willing to take up that baton. ‘And that wasn’t the case with Tiger. Tiger had this dominance that Rory hasn’t got yet.’<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tiger Woods is in it to win it at the Masters.
Woods has dropped out of the world's top 100 for the first time in almost 19 years.
Woods has won the Masters on four separate occasions with his last win coming in 2005.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 869, Total accepted tokens: 869, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The Miami Open is threatening to turn into national cake week, after Serena Williams became the latest recipient of a giant celebration present after she clocked her 700th career victory. The day following Andy Murray’s 500th win another huge cake was wheeled out to mark Williams reaching the semi-final with a 7-6, 1-6, 6-3 progression over Germany’s Sabine Lisicki. Williams’s hopes of another meeting with sister Venus were dashed by her elder sibling’s defeat to Spain’s Carla Suarez Navarro, but the world No 1 was intent on staying alive in what is the nearest thing she has to a hometown event. Serena Williams strikes a pose next to her cake after recording her 700th career victory . Williams beat Sabine Lisicki in three sets on Wednesday to progress to the semi-finals of the Miami Open . Willaims celebrates as the world No 1 sealed a match against either Sloane Stephens or Simona Halep . Andy Murray pretends to take a bite out a celebratory cake presented to him after winning his 500th match . In a battle of two huge servers, Williams seemed to give away the second set but eventually gained a measure of revenge for the shock defeat she suffered at Wimbledon 2013 against the same opponent, who has never quite been the same since. Williams will face Romania's Simona Halep for a place in the final after the third-seed beat Sloane Stephens 6-1, 7-5. Williams plays a backhand during her quarter-final at Crandon Park in Florida on Wednesday . Lisicki and Williams shake hands at the net after the tight match at the Miami Open . Simona Halep celebrates after beating Sloane Stephens to reach the Miami Open semi-finals .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Serena Williams celebrates her 700th career victory at the Miami Open.
The world No 1 faces Romania's Simona Halep in the final.
Andy Murray celebrates his 500th career victory at the Miami Open.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 870, Total accepted tokens: 870, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: South Korea's Kim Sei-young spectacularly eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead in the second round of the ANA Inspiration on Friday as Lydia Ko's record-equalling run came to an end. The 22-year-old Kim, who won her maiden LPGA Tour title at the Pure Silk-Bahamas LPGA Classic in February, struck a superb second shot to six feet on her final hole and knocked in the putt to card a seven-under-par 65 at Mission Hills Country Club. That left the Korean at seven-under 137 in the first women's major of the season, two ahead of overnight leader Morgan Pressel, who followed her opening 67 with a 72. Lydia Ko looks for her ball in the water on the 18th hole during the second round . Long-hitting American Brittany Lincicome, the 2009 champion at Mission Hills, fired a 68 to finish at four under, level with Korean Jenny Shin (69) and Scotland's Catriona Matthew (69). Kim, who had returned a 72 in the first round, birdied four of her first nine holes to claw her way up the leaderboard. She picked up further shots at the 11th and 15th before making her only bogey of the day at the 16th, then ended her round in eagle style. 'I really hit the ball good and putted really good,' said Kim, who is playing in only her third major championship. 'I'm very happy. 'Yesterday I adjust a little bit my putting ... now I see the line better.' Ko missed out on recording her 30th successive under-par round . Pressel, who at 18 became the youngest winner of a women's major at the 2007 Kraft Nabisco Championship held at Mission Hills, was a frustrated figure after shooting a level-par 72. 'I had to fight a little bit harder today,' said the 26-year-old American. 'My swing wasn't quite as sharp as it was yesterday. I made some sloppy bogeys and some really good pars. But I give myself a chance for the weekend.' Ko's record-equalling run of 29 consecutive rounds under par on the LPGA Tour came to end when the world No 1 bogeyed two of her last four holes for a 73 and a level-par total of 144. The 17-year-old, who has already won six LPGA titles, had a chance to dip under par after hitting a perfect tee shot down the 18th but her attempt to lay up with a six-iron failed as her ball ran through the fairway into a pond in front of the green. Sei Young Kim of South Korea has a two-shot lead at the halfway point . Penalised a stroke, she hit her fourth shot to 12 feet above the hole from where she two-putted for a bogey six. 'It was 169 (yards) to the end of the fairway and it was still 20 yards after that with the rough so I thought a six-iron would be okay, even it flew out of there,' Ko told Golf Channel. 'Obviously it wasn't the right club. I would love to have had a birdie opportunity there.' However, Ko was happy enough to have matched Hall of Famer Annika Sorenstam's record run of 29 consecutive sub-par rounds. 'You just go out there, try and have fun, try to shoot the lowest you can,' said the pony-tailed New Zealander. 'Now it's over but 29 is not too bad.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: South Korea's Kim Sei-young spectacularly eagled the par-five 18th to surge into a two-shot lead in the second round of the ANA Inspiration.
The 22-year-old Kim, who won her maiden LPGA Tour title at the Pure Silk-Bahamas LPGA Classic in February, struck a superb second shot to six feet on her final hole and knocked in the putt to card a seven-under-par 65 at Mission Hills Country Club.
That left the Korean at seven-under 137 in the first women's major of the season, two ahead of overnight leader Morgan Pressel.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 871, Total accepted tokens: 871, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Nick Scholfield is lined up to ride Spring Heeled in the Grand National at Aintree on April 11 . Nick Scholfield has been lined up to ride Jim Culloty’s Spring Heeled in the Crabbie’s Grand National at Aintree on Saturday week. Scholfield had been expected to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Sam Winner, who was pulled up in the Cheltenham Gold Cup, in the £1million race. But the champion trainer  said on Wednesday it was unfair to tie Scholfield down to a gelding which is far from certain to run when the mount on another leading definite contender is being offered. Scholfield, who has ridden in six Nationals and finished third in 2013 on Teaforthree, will travel to Ireland to sit on Spring Heeled at Culloty’s County Cork stable on Friday. Nicholls said: ‘I have not made up my mind if I am going to run Sam Winner yet and Nick needed a decision. ‘I did not want to get into a situation next week when I had to say "sorry mate, he is not running" and did not want to stop him getting a good ride. ‘I have not pressed any buttons on any of the horses who ran at Cheltenham. That will happen over the weekend and early next week. I don’t want to run unless I am really happy. ‘I have plenty of other lads who could ride Sam Winner if he runs and would not be afraid to use Will Biddick or Harry Skelton.’ Spring Heeled (right) wins the Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Challenge Cup at Cheltenham last year . Spring Heeled, winner of Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Challenge Cup at last season’s Cheltenham Festival, has been given a National preparation. The eight-year-old has run only once since finishing fourth to Road To Riches in the Galway Plate in July when he was fourth of five in the Bobbyjo Chase at Fairyhouse in February. Racemail revealed on Wednesday that Culloty would have two runners in the National. Robbie McNamara will ride his 2014 Gold Cup winner Lord Windermere. Scholfield rides Teaforthree (front) as the horse jumps the last fence at Aintree in the 2013 Grand National . McNamara said: ‘It's a great ride to get and I'm looking forward to it. I've ridden him before in a Grade One in Leopardstown and I was supposed to ride him in the Hennessy there as well, but I broke my collarbone the day before. I'm delighted to get back on him.’ With Nigel Twiston-Davies-trained Double Ross another confirmed non runner, David Pipe’s well supported Soll appears guaranteed a run at the bottom of the weights. Luke Morris became the first jockey to ride 100 winners during an All Weather Flat racing season when a double at Chelmsford on Wednesday aboard Giantouch and Middle East Pearl carried him to 101 successes for the campaign.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nick Scholfield lined up to ride Spring Heeled in the Grand National at Aintree on April 11.
Scholfield had been expected to partner Paul Nicholls-trained Sam Winner.
Champion trainer Jim Culloty says it is unfair to tie Scholfield down to a gelding.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 872, Total accepted tokens: 872, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Reigning champion Novak Djokovic dug deep to avoid a shock exit at the hands of Alexandr Dolgopolov before powering into the quarter-finals of the Miami Open. The unseeded Dolgopolov - ranked 65th in the world, 64 places behind Djokovic - surprised the Serbian by winning a first-set tie-break and building a quick 4-2 lead in the second set. But Djokovic steeled himself and rallied to force a decider, which he wrapped up without much resistance from his deflated Ukrainian opponent. Novak Djokovic celebrates after securing a quarter-final place at the Miami Open . Novak Djokovic came back from a set down to reach the quarter-finals of the Miami Open on Tuesday . Alexandr Dolgopolov had both of his soles bandaged and won only three points in the final set . Djokovic claimed a succession of long exchanges in the second set to even the match and go on to win . The 6-7 (3/7) 7-5 6-0 triumph pits the world number one against David Ferrer in the last eight after the Spaniard saw off Gilles Simon 7-6 (7/5) 6-0 in a little over an hour and a half. Also through to the quarters are British number one Andy Murray and fourth seed Kei Nishikori. The Scot racked up a 500th career win by edging out Kevin Anderson 6-4 3-6 6-3 to book a meeting with Austrian Dominic Thiem, a 7-6 (7/5) 4-6 7-5 victor against Adrian Mannarino. Nishikori of Japan made light work of David Goffin and his 6-1 6-2 sees him progress to a match-up against big-serving American John Isner, who rallied to upset fifth seed Milos Raonic 6-7 (3/7) 7-6 (8/6) 7-6 (7/5) in a match which last two and three-quarter hours. David Ferrer celebrates after defeating Gilles Simon to book his place in the last eight . Simon is grounded after a fall during his defeat to Ferrer, who faces Novak Djokovic next . Andy Murray was given a celebratory cake to mark 500 wins on the ATP circuit after beating Kevin Anderson . Tomas Berdych also made it through to the quarter-finals by beating Gael Monfils . Kei Nishikori is also through to the last eight, defeating Serbia's Viktor Troicki . Czech challenger Tomas Berdych reached his sixth quarter-final of the season by beating Gael Monfils 6-3 3-2. The Frenchman conceded the match by retirement after suffering a heavy fall on court, and Berdych will meet Juan Monaco following the unseeded Argentinian's 6-3 6-3 conquest of Fernando Verdasco. In the women's competition, Carla Suarez Navarro lost the first set 6-0 but hit back to see off Venus Williams 0-6 6-1 7-5 and reach the semi-finals. There she will face Germany's Andrea Petkovic after the ninth seed beat Karolina Pliskova of the Czech Republic 6-4 6-2.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Novak Djokovic reaches the last eight of the Miami Open.
The world No. 1 faces David Ferrer in the last eight.
Andy Murray and Kei Nishikori also through to the last eight.
Thput (tok/s): 33.96 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 873, Total accepted tokens: 873, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Newport Gwent Dragons reached the European Challenge Cup semi-finals with a thrilling 25-21 victory over Cardiff Blues. Tries from wing Hallam Amos, replacement Nic Cudd, a penalty try plus penalties from Tom Prydie and Dorian Jones and two Prydie conversions brought the Dragons back from a big deficit to victory. Scrum-half Lloyd Williams, fly-half Gareth Anscombe and number eight Josh Navidi crossed for the Blues, while Anscombe added three conversions. Dragons replacement Nic Cudd powers over for try against Cardiff at Rodney Parade . The draw could not have set-up a more mouth-watering Welsh clash than this encounter between the old rivals, with an away trip to either London Irish or Edinburgh the reward for the victors. Cardiff held the upper hand historically, having won the Challenge Cup in 2010 when beating French outfit Toulon 28-21, while the furthest the Dragons had gone in Europe's second tournament was the semi-final stage. The Blues fielded a lot of their big guns, including Wales captain Sam Warburton, while the home region curiously left star British Lions number eight Taulupe Faletau on the bench. The visitors came out of the blocks with a blast, forcing the Dragons onto the defensive over their own line. From the attacking scrum five, the ball found its way to Williams to cross by the post and make Anscombe's conversion easy. Cardiff Blues scrum half Lloyd Williams crashes over for a Blues try in the first half . Prydie reduced the arrears when landing a long-range penalty but the Dragons suffered the loss of international ace Andrew Coombs with a bad leg injury, bringing Faletau into the fray to the loud cheers of the crowd. It was a real cut and thrust affair but the Blues played with far more cohesion and they came up trumps again when, again from a scrum five, the ball went to Anscombe who drove through weak tackling to the line and again converted. The Dragons did themselves no favours with an average kicking game as the Blues found the spaces and pushed them back. The Dragons sqaud are overjoyed after they were awarded a penalty try . But the home side pulled themselves back to within four points of the Blues at half-time when Amos was put away by scrum-half Jonathan Evans under the posts, with Prydie converting. A thorn in the Dragons side was opposition wing Alex Cuthbert, who forced the home defence into multiple tackles - including one from full-back Jason Tovey, whose thumping hit prevented a possible runaway touchdown. The Dragons took it to the Blues after the break as an attacking line-out set up a series of thrusts to the visiting line before Cudd saw a gap and went over just seconds after coming on for flanker James Thomas. Cardiff players Sam Warburton (left),  Matthew Rees (cebtre) and Josh Turnbull walk off the pitch at full-time . Prydie's conversion hit the post but the home side were on top and went in front for the first time when a clearance attempt a few metres from his line by Lloyd Williams was charged down and, as it crossed the line, a try was infringed. Referee JP Doyle had no hesitation in running under the posts for a penalty try, easily converted by Prydie - with Williams earning 10 minutes in the bin. A penalty from Dorian Jones further increased the Dragons' lead - but the vsitors would not give up. From a series of scrums on the home line, Navidi picked up and went by the posts with Anscombe's conversion reducing the deficit to four points. However, the Dragons survived an onslaught in the dying minutes to hold on for the victory.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Newport Gwent Dragons reach the European Challenge Cup semi-finals.
The Dragons beat Cardiff Blues 25-21 in a thrilling encounter at Rodney Parade.
The Blues fielded a lot of their big guns, including Wales captain Sam Warburton.
Thput (tok/s): 33.96 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 874, Total accepted tokens: 874, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: An Australian kangaroo has hopped to it's freedom, shocking onlookers in West Germany. Police in Rhein Erft, received a bizarre phone call explaining that a large kangaroo was spotted 'happily' hopping through a field. They immediately assumed it was a April Fools prank and dismissed the strange call. Scroll down for video . Police in Rhein Erft, Germany initially dismissed reports that a kangaroo was found hopping in a field nearby . They discovered that the call was in fact serious and later found the Australian marsupial in a field in Bruhl . It wasn't until the caller was questioned in detail and provided 'very believable' answers, that the police realised that they were telling the truth. They were shocked to find a large, Australian kangaroo 'happily' hopping through a field in the town of Bruhl, 20 kilometres south of the city centre of Cologne. They attempted to capture the beast with the help of the local fire department, to no avail reported Deutsche Welle news. Police instead began to work on finding out who the marsupial belonged to. The owners later came forward and it is believed that the animal's fencing was damaged due to severe storms . They contacted a travelling circus who had recently passed through the area but they could account for all of their kangaroos. The owners later contacted police after their kangaroo had returned to it's enclosure. It is suspected that the animal's fencing was damaged after the severe storm names 'Niklas' by German meteorologists battered through Europe. The super storm had gusts of up to 192 kilometres per hour and was one of the most powerful storms in recent years.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Police in Rhein Erft, Germany receive bizarre call about large kangaroo.
Police dismiss call as April Fools prank and dismiss the strange report.
Police later find Australian kangaroo in field in Bruhl, 20 kilometres south of Cologne.
Police work on finding out who the kangaroo belonged to.
Thput (tok/s): 33.96 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 875, Total accepted tokens: 875, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Social media has reacted after Channel 7 managed to let a questionable name appear on screen during one of Australia’s biggest charity telethons. TV hosts stood by unaware that philanthropist Hugh G. Rection made a generous donation of $32.38, which earned his name some valuable screen time. Twitter users were quick to identify the blunder. Twitter users were quick to notice Hugh's generous donation . In a record breaking effort The Royal Children’s Hospital’s Good Friday Appeal managed to rake in over $17.1 million that will be put towards vital research and facilities to benefit their young patients. The massive effort foreshadowed the $16.8 million donated at last year’s event. While a host of people rattled tins for donations around 1500 volunteers were madly counting the offerings. Every year the Good Friday Appeal calls on people from all parts of the community to help raise much needed funds to support the work of The Royal Children’s Hospital. Twitter users react to onscreen blunder where Channel 7 allowed the name Hugh G. Rection to feature on the screen during the broadcasting of The Royal Children’s Hospital’s Good Friday Appeal .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Twitter users quickly identify the blunder where Channel 7 let a questionable name appear on screen.
The Royal Children's Hospital's Good Friday Appeal has raised over $17.1 million.
The massive effort foreshadowed the $16.8 million donated at last year's event.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 876, Total accepted tokens: 876, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Spain's Carla Suarez Navarro came back from a dreadful first set to defeat three-times Miami Open champion Venus Williams 0-6, 6-1, 7-5 at Key Biscayne on Tuesday and set up a semi-final clash with Germany's ninth seed Andrea Petkovic. Petkovic booked her place in the last four after a 6-4, 6-2 win over 14th seeded Czech Karolina Pliskova. Williams utterly dominated the first set, crushing the Spaniard 6-0 in less than half an hour but her opponent was able to regroup and battle back in impressive style. Venus Williams shows her frustrations as she loses to Carla Suarez Navarro in the Miami Open last eight . Suarez Navarro celebrates as she completes her comeback against three-time Miami champion Williams . Suddenly regaining her confidence Suarez Navarro won the first four games and went on to take the second set 6-1. The third set bucked the trend for one-sided exchanges until Suarez Navarro broke to go 5-4 up only for Venus to break back straight away. The Spaniard won the last two games however to continue an impressive season that has seen her reach two other semi-finals and make the last eight at Indian Wells for the first time. 'It was a crazy match, crazy first two sets. Venus was unbelievable at the beginning. I started a bit nervous but even if you lose the first set you are still in the competition and I am happy with the way I came back,' said Suarez Navarro. Williams chases to her right to play a forehand during her quarter-final on Tuesday evening . Williams (left) shakes hands across the net with Suarez Navarro as the Spaniard goes through . Williams said she had struggled to find consistency. 'I just made a little too many errors and I was going for it the whole match. Towards the end just never found the happy medium between being aggressive and putting the ball in the court,' she said. Petkovic made a blistering start, going up 4-1 in the first set but the 23-year-old Pliskova powered her way back to 4-4 and then had three break points, all of which were saved. Petkovic, the 2011 Miami semi-finalist, won the next five games and wrapped up the match in one hour, 16 minutes. Andrea Petkovic has her eye on the ball as she plays a forehand during her quarter-final victory . Czech Karolina Pliskova hits a serve but later loses in straight sets to the German ninth seed . 'I was playing really well at the start but I couldn't see the ball on my serve with the sun on one side and I was struggling,' said Petkovic. 'Karolina also started playing really well and I was a little lucky at the end of the first set. But then I got better and better from there,' she said. Wednesday's quarter-finals see top seed Serena Williams take on Germany's Sabine Lisicki while third-seed Romanian Simona Halep faces American Sloane Stephens.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Carla Suarez Navarro sets up a semi-final clash with Germany's Andrea Petkovic.
Petkovic booked her place in the last four after a 6-4, 6-2 win over Czech Karolina Pliskova.
Venus Williams utterly dominated the first set, crushing the Spaniard 6-0 in less than half an hour.
Petkovic, the 2011 Miami semi-finalist, won the next five games and wrapped up the match in one hour, 16 minutes.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 877, Total accepted tokens: 877, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Somerset's new limited-overs captain Alfonso Thomas has agreed to coach Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League this month. Veteran seamer Thomas, still recovering from a broken ankle, is not yet fit for selection for Somerset's first LV= County Championship fixture at home to Durham - and is therefore free, with his club's blessing, to take up the short-term coaching appointment with Delhi until April 16. Veteran Somerset seamer has agreed a deal to become Delhi Daredevils coach in the Indian Premier League . Somerset director of cricket Matthew Maynard said: 'The chance arose for him to take on a short-term coaching role at Delhi - which is great experience, should he wish to move into coaching in the future.' Thomas will continue his rehabilitation in India in the hope of being fit again in time for Somerset's second championship fixture against Middlesex at the end of this month. He said: 'I have enjoyed my time as a player in the IPL, and this is a great opportunity to gain coaching experience in the short term - and to work with Gary Kirsten - which I am really looking forward to'.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Somerset's new limited-overs captain Alfonso Thomas has agreed to coach Delhi Daredevils.
Veteran seamer Thomas, still recovering from a broken ankle, is not yet fit for selection.
He will continue his rehabilitation in India in the hope of being fit again in time for Somerset's second championship fixture against Middlesex.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 878, Total accepted tokens: 878, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Bath will look to their England contingent to lead the charge against Leinster in Dublin as they attempt to make amends for their Six Nations defeat at the Aviva Stadium last month. George Ford, Dave Attwood, Jonathan Joseph and Anthony Watson all return to the scene of the 19-9 defeat by Ireland which halted another Grand Slam crusade, and their club’s head coach feels that setback could prove beneficial in their Champions Cup quarter-final. Jonathan Joseph will be among Bath's England contingent in Dublin on Saturday . Bath centre Joseph has a point to prove after England’s Six Nations defeat in Dublin . ‘George, Anthony, JJ and Dave have been telling the rest of the squad what the Aviva is going to be like,’ said Bath head coach Mike Ford. ‘Their experience of that is valuable for us. ‘In the long run, these players come back better experienced and the fact they’ve done what they’ve done with England this season means they are not going to have any fear of going back to the Aviva.’ The leading quartet have points to prove in the Irish capital… . Dave Attwood . The lock produced an energetic performance for England but the line-out he was running crucially malfunctioned twice and he needlessly conceded a penalty. He will be determined to deliver a dominant carrying, aerial and defensive performance. George Ford . As the national team’s playmaker, he was pressured by the intensity of the Irish defence and kicking game — which he didn’t manage to match — in an otherwise superb championship campaign. He will crave the platform to run the show with typical authority. Fly-half George Ford will seek to run the show for Bath in Champions Cup quarter-final . Jonathan Joseph . Bath’s electric centre was a deadly presence in England’s midfield in other games but in Dublin he was not given the ammunition to fire. If he is presented with enough ball then he has the individual talent to shred the home defence. Leinster have been studying him carefully. Anthony Watson . On the wing for England, the outing at the Aviva Stadium was not his finest, as he struggled to handle the barrage from the air. On Saturday, he will be positioned at full back for his club so he must be much more assured under the high ball and use his license to counter-attack from deep to full effect. And here are four of the Ireland players in Leinster colours aiming to sink English hopes again… . Cian Healy . The Lions prop had a limited impact on Ireland’s Six Nations title success as he was eased back into action after injury. However, he starts today for the Blues and will be fired up to demonstrate his clout as a strong carrier who can also more than hold his own in the scrum battle. Leinster's Rob Kearney (right) is a real threat as a strike runner . Jamie Heaslip . The experienced No 8 missed the visit of England after suffering fractured vertebrae in his back caused by the knee of France lock Pascal Pape. These are the days — the big occasions — when he raises his game: strutting, charging and hitting rucks. Rob Kearney . The Ireland full back is imperious under the high ball so the Test encounter with England last month suited him perfectly. He will be keen to provide a reminder of his threat as a strike runner but he also provides a crucial kicking outlet if the hosts are pinned down. Sean O’Brien . He’s known as the ‘Tullow Tank’ and it is easy to understand how he came by that nickname. The Lions flanker is an imposing force of nature at full throttle. He will blast holes in the best defences and commit body and soul to every collision with a madcap, reckless intensity.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Bath will look to their England contingent to lead the charge against Leinster in Dublin.
England lost to Ireland 19-9 in Dublin last month.
England head coach Mike Ford says defeat could prove beneficial in Champions Cup.
Leinster have been studying Jonathan Joseph carefully.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 879, Total accepted tokens: 879, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sim Bhullar and the Sacramento Kings are about to make NBA history. The Kings are signing Bhullar to a 10-day contract that will make him the league's first player of Indian descent, a person with knowledge of the deal said on Wednesday. The person spoke to the Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the Kings are not expected to announce Bhullar's deal until Thursday, when David Wear's 10-day contract expires and a roster spot opens up. Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent with the Sacramento Kings . The 7-foot-5, 360-pound Bhullar is being called up from the team's NBA Development League affiliate, the Reno Bighorns. The 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans. Bhullar (right) in action for New Mexico State Aggies during a match in Washington last year .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sim Bhullar is set to become the NBA's first player of Indian descent.
The 7-foot-5, 360-pound Bhullar is being called up from the team's NBA Development League affiliate.
The 22-year-old centre will be on the roster on Friday when the Kings host the New Orleans Pelicans.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 880, Total accepted tokens: 880, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Rangers boss Stuart McCall has been reassured that the decision to remove the club off the London Stock Exchange will not affect his squad's promotion push. The Ibrox faithful were rocked by Thursday's news that the club had been de-listed from the AIM after chairman-in-waiting Dave King failed to find a new nominated advisor. Interim chairman Paul Murray put the blame for AIM's decision at the door of the club's previous board but tried to play down fears by revealing the new regime in charge is now considering a switch to the ISDX market. Stuart McCall oversees his Rangers players during a training session on Good Friday . There is also the possibility of legal action from former football board chairman Sandy Easdale. But whatever the outcome, McCall does not expect it to derail his charge for the play-offs. The Gers manager said: 'I had a quick chat with [director] John Gilligan and read an email that had gone round the club saying: "Don't panic, don't worry". 'I'm a football guy, I don't know what's going on in the stock markets. 'But apparently [the board is] not concerned in any way. The funding and the plans for the club will remain the same. Rangers have been de-listed from the AIM after Dave King (centre) failed to find a new nominated advisor . 'Do I expect it to negatively impact me or the players? No. I hope not and I wouldn't expect it to.' Rangers also this week announced six-month losses of £2.6million for the second half of last year. Among the report's details was the surprise that Rangers will have to hand Newcastle United £500,000 if they win promotion to the Premiership as part of the deal which saw them take five Magpies youngsters on loan in January. It is the type of bill the cash-strapped Light Blues could do without but McCall - who still does not know if he will be in charge beyond the summer - is refusing to worry about it too much right now. Rangers this week announced six-month losses of £2.6million for the second half of last year . 'I was really surprised,' said McCall after being asked for his reaction to loan-deal agreement. 'I was gobsmacked if I'm being honest. 'I was driving in the car when I heard it on the radio and I just thought: "Woof". But if that's the deal, that's the deal. 'But I've got enough on just concentrating on what's happening on the training ground and the pitch. 'I've not even given [whether that fee will impinge on me if I'm here next season] a thought. My main concern is the game on Sunday. 'I know you have got to be prepared and be organised but I'm not a three-year or five-year plan guy. I try to do my best here and now and if it's good enough to get us up then great.' McCall admits he was gobsmacked at the news Rangers will have to pay Newcastle £500,000 if promoted . Rangers welcome newly-crowned Scottish Championship winners Hearts to Ibrox on Sunday. It should have been a crucial clash in the race for the title but the Light Blues' mid-season collapse means it only has significance for the hosts as they look to over-take Hibernian in second place. But McCall confirmed his side will pay tribute to the league leaders. 'We will be giving the Hearts lads a guard of honour,' he said. 'It's not something you do week after week but this is their first away game and it's something we will be doing. 'Hearts have won 26 games out of 30 and nine on the bounce. That's incredible. 'Our players might look on a bit enviously and think they'd have liked that to be us who were running out as champions. 'Hopefully they will see it that the season can still be a success, we can still get promoted.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Rangers boss Stuart McCall reassures fans that decision to remove club off London Stock Exchange will not affect promotion push.
McCall says he has been reassured by director John Gilligan that club will continue to focus on football.
McCall says he has no worries about Rangers' promotion push.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 881, Total accepted tokens: 881, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Moeen Ali is planning to join England for the latter stages of their Test tour of the West Indies, as his side injury continues to improve. The off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign, and was therefore not available when the selectors chose the Caribbean squad. Moeen Ali trudges off after being dismissed against New Zealand during the World Cup . Moeen enjoyed a successful introduction to Test cricket last summer, picking up 22 wickets in seven Tests . They nonetheless left open from the outset the possibility of Moeen joining up later in the month-long trip, for which James Tredwell and the uncapped Adil Rashid are instead the initial frontline spin options. As England prepared to fly west on Thursday, Moeen revealed he expects to be fit again in time for Worcestershire's first LV= County Championship match at home to title-holders Yorkshire on April 12. He told Cricinfo: 'I'm hoping to play that game against Yorkshire, prove my fitness and fly immediately afterwards.' Adil Rashid (left) and James Tredwell are current spinning options in the squad to tour West Indies .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England's Moeen Ali plans to join England for the latter stages of their Test tour of the West Indies.
The off-spinning all-rounder hurt himself during England's failed World Cup campaign.
Moeen enjoyed a successful introduction to Test cricket last summer, picking up 22 wickets in seven Tests.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 882, Total accepted tokens: 882, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino is in no doubt goalkeeper Michel Vorm has the strength of character to put his Capital One Cup final disappointment behind him and again prove an able deputy for  Hugo Lloris at Burnley on Sunday. With France international Lloris sidelined by a knee injury, Dutchman Vorm will stand in at Turf Moor. The 31-year-old, signed from Swansea in the summer, had to watch on from the bench at Wembley against Chelsea in last month's League Cup final defeat, despite having featured in the earlier rounds. Michel Vorm is set to deputise in place of Hugo Lloris when Tottenham play Burnley on Sunday . Lloris sustained a knee injury in Tottenham's 4-3 victory over Leicester in the Premier League . Mauricio Pochettino has praised Vorm's attitude despite being behind Lloris in the pecking order . Pochettino, however, has every confidence Vorm can produced the required performance when thrown back into the action against the Clarets. 'Michel took it very well. I have no worries about him. He is a good professional and he is fine,' the Argentinian said. 'It is always it is difficult and it was the same with the other players who were left out. 'I was sorry for him, but also for the players who were on the bench or out of the squad. It is always difficult when you play a final and you have to choose the starting 11.' Pochettino has been impressed by Vorm's mentality, having left a regular starting place at Swansea to play back-up to Lloris. 'When I spoke with him about signing, he knew - I never lied to him. I told him our proposal and were very clear,' the Spurs boss said. Vorm (centre) played in all of the Capital One Cup games for Tottenham except the final . Pochettino (left) will again take on Burnley manager Sean Dyche at Turf Moor on Sunday . Tottenham head to Burnley in some positive form, having lost just once in the last four Barclays Premier League matches before the international break - and that at Manchester United. Pochettino, though, knows a solid collective defensive performance will be key against a side battling for their top-flight survival. 'We need to concede fewer chances and goals, but this is not about the keeper or the centre-back or the full-back or the holding midfielder - this is about the balance of the team,' he said.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says goalkeeper Michel Vorm has the strength of character to put his final disappointment behind him.
Vorm will stand in for Hugo Lloris when Tottenham play Burnley on Sunday.
Lloris sustained a knee injury in Tottenham's 4-3 victory over Leicester in the Premier League.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 883, Total accepted tokens: 883, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: That really takes the biscuit! Celtic's Leigh Griffiths invoked the power of the Tunnock's Tea Cake in his warm-up routine for Good Friday night's game with St Mirren. The controversial striker warily looked round in the dug-out before unwrapping the tasty treat within the first 10 minutes of the vital SPL encounter. His manager, Ronnie Deila has encouraged the concept of the 24/7 athlete by insisting on a strict diet regime for his players. Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths was caught on camera enjoying a biscuit during their match at St Mirren . Griffiths was caught in the act on the substitutes bench during the opening 10 minutes of the match . But he wouldn't have been impressed when Griffiths was caught tucking into the biscuit on live TV. Needless to say the Scotland star remained firmly on the bench throughout the Premiership leaders' 2-0 win in Paisley. The commentator on BT Sport asked: 'Are you allowed to do that on the bench? – I'm not sure. Part of a footballer's healthy diet.' Griffiths has always something in reserve. Next time, maybe it will be a Caramel Wafer. Despite not starting for the Bhoys, Griffiths looks content as he tucks into the biscuit on Good Friday .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Celtic striker Leigh Griffiths warily looks round in the dug-out before unwrapping the tasty treat.
The controversial striker warms up for Good Friday night's game with St Mirren.
Griffiths was caught in the act on the substitutes bench during the opening 10 minutes of the match.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 884, Total accepted tokens: 884, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: With the confirmation of Danilo's summer switch to Real Madrid, Porto have now received a whopping £440million from player sales in the last 11 years. Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho in 2004 the Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits. Aided by lenient work permit laws in Portugal owing to the country's close relationship with Brazil the majority of these deals have involved South Americans. Porto and Brazil right back Danilo will join Real Madrid in the summer in a deal worth £23million . Jose Mourinho celebrates winning the 2004 Champions League with the Portuguese club . Nineteen of the 29 players featured in the table below have South American backgrounds such as now-Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez. In a deal typical of how Porto operate, Rodriguez was signed for a small sum from Argentinian side Banfield before being sold on to wealthy Europeans Monaco three years later for nearly eight times the price. It is a sustainable model which clearly works. Real Madrid superstar James Rodriguez is another player off the Porto production line . James scores against Manchester City playing for Porto at the Etihad Stadium in 2012 . Porto have reached the last eight of this year's Champions League and have won seven of a possible 10 league titles since 2004. They have progressed past the Champions League group stages in seven of the past 10 seasons and also won the Europa League in 2011. Brazil international right back Danilo may be on his way but there are sure to be more to come off a production line that includes Pepe, Joao Moutinho and Hulk. Colombian international striker Jackson Martinez is another who could move on in the summer with Arsenal among those keeping tabs. *Based on exchange rates as of April 2, 2015 . **Porto received 55.6 per cent of transfer fee . ***Porto received 80 per cent of transfer fee .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Porto have now received a whopping £440 million from player sales in the last 11 years.
Since winning the Champions League under Jose Mourinho in 2004 the Portuguese champions have made a habit of selling on players for huge profits.
Aided by lenient work permit laws in Portugal owing to the country's close relationship with Brazil the majority of these deals have involved South Americans.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 885, Total accepted tokens: 885, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: River Plate are keen to sign Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao but admit a deal is complicated. The Colombia forward spent eight years with the Argentine side before leaving for Porto in 2009 and River Plate are open to Falcao returning. During an interview with Esto es River program, vice president Matias Patanian said: 'We dream of Falcao Garcia. The doors are open.' River Plate are keen to sign former forward Radamel Falcao who has struggled on loan at Manchester United . River Plate vice president Matias Patanian admits the club 'dream of Falcao' and that 'the doors are open' The 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at Old Trafford this term - scoring just four Premier League goals - and it remains to be seen whether United will exercise the option to keep the frontman or whether he will return to parent club Monaco. However, Falcao has been in good goalscoring form for his countrythis week, finding the net three times in two games to equal Colombia’s all-time goalscoring record with 24 goals. Joining River Plate at the age of 15 in 2001 before making his first-team debut four years later, Falcao went on to score 34 goals in 90 appearances for the Primera Division club. Falcao scored 34 goals in 90 appearances for the Argentine club during his four seasons in the first team .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: River Plate are keen to sign Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao.
The Colombia forward spent eight years with the Argentine club before leaving for Porto.
The 29-year-old has struggled during a season-long loan spell at Old Trafford this term.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 886, Total accepted tokens: 886, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers has revealed how rejection as a young player has inspired him to give the likes of Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe their break in the first team. Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England at the age of 16 and training with the Reading youth team. The Reds manager believes the memory of missing out on a first team spot despite being promised one has helped him to handle Liverpool's young players. Brendan Rodgers takes positives from his experience of not making it as a professional footballer . 20-year-old star Raheem Sterling (left) has flourished under the guidance of Rodgers . Speaking of his experience, Rodgers told Barclays: 'I felt as a young player I didn't get the chance. I was a talented youth player in Northern Ireland. 'I came to England, to Reading when I was 16. I was captain of the youth team and was then in the first team squad. 'The manager at the time asked me to play in the reserve game on the Monday to get some game time then look to make my first team debut on the Wednesday against Fulham. The Reds manager believes the memory of missing out on a playing career has helped him in the long run . Rodgers failed to make it as a professional footballer despite leaving Northern Ireland for England aged 16 . 'When Wednesday came, I was expected to play and it ended up that I didn't play. That hit me probably harder than it should have done. 'I felt that from that moment that I was probably never going to get the chance.' The 42-year-old believes those experiences as a youngster have helped him to nurture the talents of the likes of Sterling, who has already made 120 appearances for Liverpool at the tender age of 20. Rodgers (centre) described himself as a 'talented youth player', but he failed to make the grade . Rodgers (middle row, second up) was on the books at Reading where he was captain of the youth team . Sterling made his Liverpool debut in August, 2012 as Liverpool were beaten 2-1 by Norwich City . Rodgers added: 'But those negative experiences, I was able to turn them into a positive in my life and in my work. 'I could help young players and prepare them. If I told young players they were going to play, they would play. 'There comes a time when you have to let them go. Sometimes you never know until they're in the arena. They just want that opportunity.' Jordan Ibe looks to have a bright future at Liverpool as Rodgers looks to give youth a chance .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says he has given young players a break.
The 42-year-old says he was rejected as a professional footballer at the age of 16.
The Reds manager says he has given the likes of Raheem Sterling and Jordon Ibe their break.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 887, Total accepted tokens: 887, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Stephen Curry scored 27 points and Klay Thompson had 25 as the Golden State Warriors held off the Los Angeles Clippers 110-106 on Tuesday for their 10th consecutive victory. David Lee added 17 points for the Warriors, who had lost four in a row at Staples Center. The Clippers blew a 17-point lead and had their seven-game winning streak broken. Blake Griffin had 40 points and 12 rebounds, Chris Paul added 27 points and nine assists, and J.J. Redick scored 14. Golden State Warriors' Stephen Curry reacts after making a three-pointer against the Los Angeles Clippers . Drake was courtside at the Staples Center to watch the LA Clippers' home match . Paul's layup drew the Clippers to 106-104 with 12 seconds left, but he was called for a backcourt violation taking an inbounds pass from DeAndre Jordan with nine seconds left. Thompson and Curry combined for four straight free-throws to close out the win for the Pacific Division champions. Elsewhere, Brooklyn beat Indiana to reclaim sole possession of the eighth and final play-off spot in the Eastern Conference with its season-high fourth straight victory. Brook Lopez had 24 points and 11 rebounds and Joe Johnson added 21 points, including five straight after the Pacers got within three with about two minutes left. The Nets moved back ahead of Boston and dealt a blow to the Pacers, who fell 1.5 games behind Brooklyn for the final play-off spot. They visit the Celtics on Wednesday. San Antonio Spurs guard Tony Parker scored 16 points against Miami Heat in his 1,000th NBA game . The East-leading Atlanta Hawks, meanwhile, stumbled on the road, losing to Detroit 105-95. Andre Drummond had 22 points and 13 rebounds for the Pistons, who have won five of six. Thabo Sefolosha scored 19 points for the Hawks, who have dropped two of three. In Miami, Tony Parker scored 16 points in his 1,000th NBA game and Kawhi Leonard had 22 to lead San Antonio past the Heat 95-81. San Antonio stayed No 6 in the West, and could clinch a play-off berth on Wednesday in Orlando. The Heat remained in the No 7 spot in the Eastern Conference but now are two losses behind Milwaukee and only a half-game up on Brooklyn.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Golden State Warriors hold off Los Angeles Clippers 110-106 for their 10th consecutive victory.
Stephen Curry scores 27 points and Klay Thompson has 25 for the Warriors.
The Clippers blew a 17-point lead and had their seven-game winning streak broken.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 888, Total accepted tokens: 888, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Former Liverpool hero Jamie Carragher took advantage of the international break to jet out to Spain to watch his son play for the Under 12s in the Mediterranean International Cup. Carragher flew out to watch James play in the famous youth tournament which features over 200 clubs from 36 countries in Girona in northern Spain. Jamie Carragher jetted out to Spain to watch his son play for the Liverpool U12s . Carragher spoke to a local TV starton during his time in Girona . Carragher posted a picture on his Instagram account of the opening ceremony . The former defender –  a columnist for Sportsmail and a pundit for Sky Sports – cheered from the sidelines as the Liverpool youngsters drew 1-1 with local Catalan side CE Mercantil. The Reds also play CE Cristinenc before taking on FE ATL Bisbalenc in their Group E games. The tournament is now in its 15th year and both Philippe Coutinho and Lucas played in the tournament in the past as well as other big names, including Lionel Messi, Cesc Fabregas, Neymar, Geard Pique, Oscar and Juan Mata.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jamie Carragher jetted out to Spain to watch his son play for the Liverpool U12s.
The 36-year-old former Liverpool defender was in Girona in northern Spain.
The Liverpool youngsters drew 1-1 with local Catalan side CE Mercantil.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 889, Total accepted tokens: 889, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Real Madrid star James Rodriguez is set to return to first team action against Granada on Sunday after recovering from a fractured right foot following two months on the sidelines. Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti has said Rodriguez will start Sunday's La Liga match at the Santiago Bernabeu. Ancelotti said Rodriguez 'has shown in training that he is fine and he will start'. Real Madrid attacking midfielder James Rodriguez will start against Granada after recovering from injury . Rodriguez is expected to start in Real Madrid's attack alongside Cristiano Ronaldo and Gareth Bale . The Colombian international has scored 12 goals in 33 games in all competitions since joining the La Liga giants in the summer. Rodriguez needed surgery after breaking his foot on February 4. Madrid have since lost their lead at the top of the table and trail Barcelona by four points. Rodriguez will be hoping to add to the 12 goals he has scored in 33 games since joining Real Madrid .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: James Rodriguez set to return to first team action against Granada on Sunday.
Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti says Rodriguez will start.
Rodriguez is expected to start in Real Madrid's attack alongside Cristiano Ronaldo.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 890, Total accepted tokens: 890, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Bayern Munich playmaker Thiago admits coming on against Borussia Dortmund to make his first appearance in a year was an emotional moment and has thanked the German club. The midfielder hadn't played for the Bayern since March in 2014, when he suffered a serious knee injury against Hoffenheim, but came on for Philipp Lahm in the 1-0 win at the Westfalenstadion on Saturday. And Spain international Thiago said that after seeing the reaction of the fans it has reminded him of the joy in the sport and admitted: 'Football is my life'. Thiago came on for his first appearance in over a year against Borussia Dortmund on Saturday . The Spanish midfielder celebrates with Bayern Munich team-mates after their 1-0 win at the Westfalenstadion . 'It's crazy. I have to thank everyone: the club, the coaches, my team-mates. They've all been really supportive,' he told Bayern's official website. 'The fans have helped me. It was an emotional moment. I'm very happy. 'Some people think football is just a game, but when I saw how emotional the fans were, I knew: football is my life.' Thiago admits he is still far from full fitness but is now hoping to get back into the side as Pep Guardiola's men continue their hunt for the treble. 'I'm not ready for 90 minutes, I felt tired after 10!' he added. 'My goals haven't changed: to win games and win titles.' Thiago came on for Philipp Lahm and admitted he barely felt fit enough to play 10 minutes .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Bayern Munich playmaker Thiago comes on for his first appearance in over a year.
The midfielder hadn't played for the club since March in 2014.
Thiago says he is still far from full fitness but is hoping to get back into the side.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 891, Total accepted tokens: 891, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: St Etienne want to sign Cardiff full-back Kevin Theophile-Catherine on a permanent deal. The 25-year-old signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million but has been on loan with St Etienne this season. They have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million but Theophile-Catherine wants to see if there are other options before committing. He has two years left on contract at Cardiff. St Etienne defender Kevin Theophile-Catherine shields the ball from PSG forward Zlatan Ibrahimovic . St Etienne, meanwhile, will not take up an option to sign Norwich striker Ricky Van Wolfswinkel on a permanent deal. The Dutchman scored only one goal following his £8.5million move to Norwich from Sporting Lisbon and has scored six times this season for St Etienne in 31 appearances. He will return to Carrow Road at the end of the season. Theophile-Catherine (right) competes for a header with Montpellier  forward Kevin Berigaud in December .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: St Etienne want to sign Cardiff full-back Kevin Theophile-Catherine on a permanent deal.
The 25-year-old signed for Cardiff from Stade Rennais for £2.1million but has been on loan with St Etienne this season.
They have an option to make the deal permanent for £1.5million but Theophile-Catherine wants to see if there are other options before committing.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 892, Total accepted tokens: 892, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Former Huddersfield centre Josh Griffin scored a try and kicked three goals as improving Salford secured back-to-back Super League wins with an 18-12 triumph at the John Smith's Stadium. Griffin and Ben Jones-Bishop scored tries in the first half, although Jack Hughes gave the Giants hope. Carl Forster's try and Griffin's penalty made the game safe, though, despite the prolific Aaron Murphy's try setting up a tense finish. Salford Red Devils secured a second win in a row with a 18-12 victory at Huddersfield . Salford made a fast start and Cory Paterson had a try ruled out on 18 minutes. A Rangi Chase kick-through was fumbled by a Giants player in the in-goal area and Paterson pounced but referee James Child had already ruled it a knock-on and given the Red Devils a drop out. The game was twice delayed early on when Kevin Locke for Salford and Huddersfield's Brett Ferres were carried off injured. Griffin opened the scoring on 21 minutes when he pounced on a mistake by Huddersfield's Jermaine McGillvary. The winger seemed set to grab a grubber kick into the left corner by Jones-Bishop - but when he slipped in the in-goal area Griffin was there to score. He failed to convert but was on target 10 minutes later after Jones-Bishop took advantage of more slack defending. Rangi Chase kicked through straight from a scrum and Jones-Bishop got to the ball first despite several Giants players being better placed. Lacklustre Huddersfield, seeking a fifth straight win, woke up after that and were back in the contest on 38 minutes. On-loan Wigan forward Hughes went over from Jamie Ellis' pass after good work by Eorl Crabtree. There was a flare-up on half-time when Crabtree and Weller Hauraki came to blows after the Kiwi made a heavy tackle on the England international. Salford extended their 10-6 half-time lead on 55 minutes when Forster grabbed his first try of the season. Griffin, the older brother of fellow former Huddersfield player Darrell, who was on the bench for this match, converted. Hauraki was put on report on 62 minutes for a bad tackle which left Giants full-back Scott Grix needing treatment. Murphy then went over in the right corner on 76 minutes for his fourth try in as many games. Brough added the extras to leave the home side a converted try away from a late victory. But soon after they were punished for interfering with play and Griffin kicked the resulting penalty. Solid defending, including forcing Huddersfield to play out a set of six around their own 10-metre line, helped Salford see the game out.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Josh Griffin scores try and kicks three goals as improving Salford defeat Huddersfield 18-12.
Griffin and Ben Jones-Bishop score tries in the first half, although Jack Hughes gives the Giants hope.
Salford Red Devils secured a second win in a row with a 18-12 victory at Huddersfield.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 893, Total accepted tokens: 893, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Salford half-back Rangi Chase faces the threat of a four to eight-match ban after he was charged with making a Grade E dangerous throw on Good Friday. The Red Devils went on to beat Huddersfield 18-12 to continue their recent good form, but they could now be without their mercurial stand-off for a lengthy period. The Rugby Football League's match-review panel viewed Chase's tackle on Brett Ferres in the 15th minute of the match at the John Smith's Stadium as dangerous and he has been asked to appear before an independent disciplinary tribunal on Wednesday evening. Salford's Rangi Chase could face a ban of up to eight matches following a dangerous tackle . Chase will be joined at Red Hall by Salford team-mate Weller Hauraki, Widnes' Danny Tickle and Hull KR prop Mitch Allgood, who face Grade C, B and A charges respectively. Four other players - Widnes hooker Lloyd White, Warrington prop Anthony England, Hull KR back-rower Maurice Blair and Hull FC utility back Jordan Rankin - were also charged for offences in round eight and have until 11am on Wednesday to submit early-guilty pleas. All eight players are available to play for their clubs on Easter Monday.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Rangi Chase faces a four to eight-match ban after he was charged with making a dangerous throw.
The Red Devils went on to beat Huddersfield 18-12 to continue their recent good form.
Chase will be joined at Red Hall by Salford team-mate Weller Hauraki.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 894, Total accepted tokens: 894, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Warrington crashed to a third straight Super League defeat and could be in trouble with the Rugby Football League following crowd trouble in the Cheshire derby. The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand housing visiting fans but Widnes maintained their focus to run out 30-10 winners and maintain their impressive form at the Select Security Stadium, where they have taken seven points out of a possible 10 this year. Warrington's losing run is their worst since 2009 and their misery was compounded by the loss of winger Matty Russell with a leg injury. Following a delay caused by a flare, Widnes condemned Warrington to a third defeat in a row . Widnes, hammered by Salford in their previous outing, were boosted by the return of influential captain Kevin Brown from a three-match absence with a hamstring injury and the Wolves had no answer to his half-back partnership with Joe Mellor. Yet Warrington could hardly have made a better start, with England forward Ben Westwood collecting a rebound from Gareth O'Brien's high kick to score the opening try after only five minutes. It was eight minutes before O'Brien could add the goal as the game was stopped to enable stewards to clear the flare from the pitch and remove the offenders. Once back under way, the game flowed from end to end but, while Widnes scrambled superbly to keep their line intact, the visitors' defence cracked three times as the Vikings found some real potency in their attack. Dangerous full-back Rhys Hanbury got centre Cameron Phelps through a gap for the first try on 10 minutes and, after Russell had hobbled off, his opposite number Stefan Marsh gathered Brown's pinpoint kick for the first of his brace of scores to give his side a lead they never looked like relinquishing. Widnes lost Phelps to injury on 29 minutes, which paved the way for 19-year-old Matt Whitley to make his debut, but they struck again three minutes before the break when Mellor's cut-out gave Marsh a clear run for his second try. Jack Owens managed just one conversion and also missed a long-range penalty attempt on the stroke of half-time but Widnes took only five minutes of the second half to extend their lead. A touchline dash from Owens created the position for hooker Lloyd White to burrow his way over from dummy half for the softest of tries. It went from bad to worse for the visitors when Westwood was sin-binned following the concession of three consecutive penalties by his team and the Vikings immediately took advantage of the extra man when Brown went through a gap for a fifth try. Owens converted both tries to make it 26-6 but Warrington pulled a try back on 64 minutes through makeshift centre Ben Currie after the home side were down to 12 men with Danny Tickle in the sin-bin for a foul on Daryl Clark. Widnes fittingly had the final say when Owens went over three minutes from the end for his side's sixth try.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Warrington crash to a third straight Super League defeat and could be in trouble.
The game was stopped for eight minutes after a flare was thrown from the stand.
Widnes run out 30-10 winners and maintain their impressive form at the Select Security Stadium.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 895, Total accepted tokens: 895, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: England have finally arrived home from Turin after their delayed flight landed at Manchester Airport following Tuesday night's 1-1 draw with Italy. The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy immediately after the game but a technical issue with their plane made it necessary for Roy Hodgson's men to take an extra night's stay. Stopping in Manchester for the side's northern-based players and staff before moving on to London, players from Manchester United, Manchester City, Everton, Liverpool, Aston Villa and Stoke City all left to rejoin their clubs ahead of a full programme in the Barclays Premier League this weekend. Michael Carrick (left) and Wayne Rooney (right) lead the northern-based England players off the flight home . England's plane landed in Manchester to allow their northern-based players and staff, including Carrick and Rooney (left) and Gary Neville (right) to disembark after the draw with Italy in Turin . Jordan Henderson makes his way down the steps from England's delayed flight home from Turin . Everton pair Phil Jones (left) and Ross Barkley (right) will be back into training ahead of facing Southampton . The squad had originally been set to leave northern Italy on Tuesday night but their flight home was delayed . Wayne Rooney, Joe Hart, Chris Smalling, Phil Jones, Ross Barkley, Phil Jagielka, Jordan Henderson, Michael Carrick, Fabian Delph and Jack Butland were among the party leaving the plane in Manchester. Andros Townsend was England's hero on Tuesday night, equalising with 11 minutes to play at the Juventus Stadium after Southampton's Graziano Pelle had opened the scoring for the hosts. Townsend along with his Tottenham team-mates Ryan Mason, Harry Kane and Kyle Walker touched down at Luton Airport on Wednesday afternoon as they said their goodbyes to Chelsea defender Gary Cahill and Southampton's Nathaniel Clyne. Hodgson's squad next meet up at the end of the club season in June for their Dublin friendly against Republic of Ireland and a trip to Slovenia that should see them reinforce their position as comfortable leaders at the top of European Championship qualifying group E. England hero Andros Townsend (right) gets off the plane at Luton Airport on Wednesday with Nathaniel Clyne . The pair were joined by Tottenham trio Ryan Mason (left), Harry Kane (centre) and Kyle Walker . Kane says his goodbyes to international team-mate Gary Cahill at Luton Airport on Wednesday afternoon . Jagielka shakes hands with Henderson as the Merseyside rivals head back to their respective clubs . Chris Smalling was substituted on Tuesday night with illness but did not have to be escorted from the plane . Goalkeeper Joe Hart will be heading back to Manchester City ahead of their trip to Crystal Palace on Monday . After a difficult start to the game in Turin, England finished positively with Barkley one of the stadn-out performers. The Everton midfielder has had a difficult season but once again showed his potential to reach the top in an England shirt. 'Ross is a terrific player,' Rooney said afterwards. 'He is a terrific young player and I think he can have an impact when he comes on. 'He did that, he took the ball, he ran at the Italian defenders and made it difficult for them. 'Hopefully, he can kick on now for the rest of the season.' Phil Jones started in midfield but moved into defence where he will play for Manchester United this weekend . Everton midfielder  Barkley will be hoping he can raise his club form to match his Tuesday performance . Andros Townsend celebrates his equaliser with his England team-mates at the Juventus Stadium on Tuesday .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England's delayed flight lands in Manchester after 1-1 draw with Italy in Turin.
England's plane landed in Manchester to allow their northern-based players and staff to disembark.
England's plane landed in Manchester to allow their northern-based players and staff to disembark.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 896, Total accepted tokens: 896, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Wigan climbed up to third place in the First Utility Super League after exacting sweet revenge on arch-rivals St Helens for October's Grand-Final defeat. The Warriors came out on top 12-4 in a brutal, no-holds-barred contest in front of a spellbound capacity 24,054 crowd at the DW Stadium which contained just three tries but countless examples of rugby league at its finest. Defences reigned supreme and both sets of players were out on their feet long before the end of an absorbing Good Friday duel as the ferocious exchanges, on a glue-pot pitch, began to takes its toll. Wigan Warriors' Dom Manfredi (centre) celebrates with his team-mates after he scores his side's first try. It took a try from Sydney-bound winger Joe Burgess 10 minutes from the end to finally break the champions' resistance. It was a second successive defeat for Saints, who began the season under Keiron Cunningham with six wins in a row, but there was no shame in this loss. Cunningham was forced to turn to a new half-back pairing in Jordan Turner and Lance Hohaia after skipper Jon Wilkin joined Travis Burns on the injury list by pulling a hamstring in training while Paul Wellens, restored to the captaincy, limped off four minutes into the second half to prompt another re-shuffle, . Wigan could hardly have made a better start, with winger Dom Manfredi charging over for a try after just 52 seconds, reclaiming possession after Turner's attempted clearance kick was charged down by prop Lee Mossop. Wigan Warriors' Manfredi went over for the first try as his side exacted revenge over St Helens . Matty Smith kicked the goal to make it 6-0 and Saints had to scramble to prevent Manfredi and his centre Anthony Gelling adding to the Warriors' lead. Wigan were indebted to a terrific last-ditch by George Williams that brought down centre Josh Jones in full flight and, as the momentum shifted towards the visitors, it was no surprise when impressive forward Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook charged over for a try on 15 minutes. Tom Makinson, third choice marskman in the absence of Mark Percival and Burns, was unable to add the goal and Saints suffered a blow when boom second rower Joe Greenwood, just back from an elbow injury, limped off with an ankle problem. As the conditions deteriorated and fatigue set in, the game developed into a war of attrition in the second half with chances few and far between. Wigan Warriors' Manfredi (centre) is tackled by St Helens' Josh Jones (left) and James Roby . The impressive Manfredi was hauled down just short of the line while Saints loose forward Luke Thompson went close for the visitors. The key moment came 10 minutes from the end when Saints turned the ball over 20 metres out from their own line after being penned back by Wigan's tigerish tackling. Wigan substitute prop Ryan Sutton was held up on the line in the next set but the breakthrough came moments later when Burgess won the race to George Williams' grubber kick, touching the ball down with inches to spare. Ryan Hampshire kicked the conversion to put his side two scores in front and that completed the scoring in a pulsating encounter.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Wigan Warriors climb up to third place in the First Utility Super League.
The Warriors exact sweet revenge on arch-rivals St Helens for October's Grand-Final defeat.
Wigan could hardly have made a better start, with winger Dom Manfredi scoring first try.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 897, Total accepted tokens: 897, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Italian newspaper La Gazzetta dello Sport have criticised Theo Walcott's display against Italy by highlighting how little impact he had against their national team. The Milan-based publication have scored England's players out of 10, with Walcott receiving the worst rating with five. England captain Wayne Rooney, goalscorer Andros Townsend and substitute Ross Barkley have all been awarded seven out of 10 for their performances at the Juventus Stadium. Italy national team boss Antonio Conte receives high plaudits for the Azzurri's 1-1 draw with England . La Gazzetta dello Sport scored England forward Theo Walcott five out of 10 for his performance against Italy . Corriere dello Sport's headline reads 'Bring Pelle back to Italy' following the Southampton striker's goal . Italy manager Antonio Conte and Southampton striker Graziano Pelle, who opened the scoring for the Azzurri, receive high praise for the part they played in the 1-1 draw with England. La Gazzetta dello Sport's front page headline reads 'Conte wins, Italy almost wins', while Tuttosport say the Italians are 'still with' the former Juventus manager despite his topsy-turvy start to life as the Italy national team boss. Corriere dello Sport focus on Pelle's display, with their headline reading 'Bring Pelle back to Italy'. Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure continues to be linked with a move to Roberto Mancini's Inter Milan, as one Italian newspaper suggests the Serie A outfit are preparing an offer. Much of the focus in Spain revolves around Real Madrid and Barcelona's decision to sign a new right back before the start of next season. Real completed the signing of Porto defender Danilo on Tuesday evening, while Barcelona have identified six possible candidates to either replace or compete with Dani Alves. Marca (left) reflect on Real Madrid's latest purchase while Mundo Deportivo (right) report on Barcelona's possible summer targets .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: La Gazzetta dello Sport score England's players out of 10.
England captain Wayne Rooney, goalscorer Andros Townsend and substitute Ross Barkley receive seven out of 10.
Italy manager Antonio Conte and Southampton striker Graziano Pelle receive high praise for the part they played in the 1-1 draw with England.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 898, Total accepted tokens: 898, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: England ace Joe Hart labelled fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon a 'legend of the game' after seeing the Italian veteran claim his 147th cap. Hart, who passed an impressive milestone of his own by representing his country for the 50th time on Tuesday night, said after the 1-1 draw with Italy that Buffon was an inspiration. Speaking to FA TV, Hart said: 'I’m still learning my game and I’m still watching the likes of Buffon and the way he goes about his business at 37 years old. England and Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart has lavished praise on fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon . Hart has labelled Buffon, who won his 147th cap against England on Tuesday night, a 'legend of the game' 'I’ve got a lot more learning to do and I want to do it in this team. '[Buffon’s caps total] is a long way off, but it’s definitely a night to celebrate a terrific goalkeeper and a legend of the game, someone I personally look up to and it’s inspirational to see.' The Manchester City shot stopper, who is 10 years younger than Buffon, revealed his delight at receiving his 50th cap at the Juventus Stadium. 'I was proud of my first cap, I was proud to represent the Under 21s, and 50 caps at my age is good,' added Hart. 'I want to keep going, that’s not the end for me. I just want to keep going, keep playing well for my club and country and rack them up.' England ace Hart, pictured saving a shot by Citadin Eder, is desperate to add to his 50 international caps .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England goalkeeper Joe Hart praises fellow goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon.
Hart says Buffon is a 'legend of the game' after seeing the Italian claim his 147th cap.
England and Italy draw 1-1 at the Stadium of Light on Tuesday night.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 899, Total accepted tokens: 899, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The goals may have dried up at club level for Graziano Pelle but the Southampton striker repaid Italy coach Antonio Conte's faith by scoring against England. Having arrived from Feyenoord at a reported cost of £9million, the 29-year-old seamlessly slotted in at St Mary's, netting nine goals in his first 12 matches. However,  Pelle has struggled in front of goal in recent months and has not managed to find the net in the Barclays Premier League since December 20. Graziano Pelle celebrates after giving Italy the lead against England at Juventus Stadium on Tuesday night . The Southampton striker glanced Girogio Chiellini's cross into Joe Hart's far corner to make it 1-0 . Saints fans will be hoping that drought may soon come to an end after seeing the striker score a fine, glancing header in the Azzurri's 1-1 draw with England at the Juventus Stadium. 'I felt good today and the manager gave me the opportunity,' Pelle, the only British-based player in the Italy squad, said. England No 1 Hart dives in vain as Pelle claims his second international goal in his third cap . Pelle has not scored in the Premier League for Southampton since December . 'Those that play always have to prove themselves to the coach. 'I played alongside Eder at Sampdoria and we understand each other well. I'm happy to have scored and to have been given another chance by the manager. 'I wanted to score another but unfortunately it didn't happen.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Graziano Pelle scores nine goals in his first 12 matches for Italy.
The Southampton striker has not scored in Premier League since December.
England No 1 Joe Hart dives in vain as Pelle claims his second international goal.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 900, Total accepted tokens: 900, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide' at the Sydney Royal Easter Show on Saturday night, despite the slide being closed after heavy rain made it too dangerous. It is understood a group of eight contracted workers broke into the 52-metre slide after it was closed earlier in the night due to fears the heavy rain would make the slide particularly slippery. Scroll down for video . Five staff members left the Royal Easter Show with serious injuries after taking a joy ride on the closed Super Slide . The Easter Show's chief operating officer Michael Collins told Fairfax the slide 'runs way too fast in the wet' and that's why it was closed as soon as the weather turned. It is reported the group were travelling at such great speeds that they were unable to stop and broke through the barricade at the bottom of the ride. A 22-year-old woman broke both her legs, a 60-year-old man suffered broken ribs and internal bleeding while a 23-year-old woman also broke her leg and a 33-year-old man possibly broke his arm. Three of the contractors escaped without injury. Officials closed the ride earlier that night after deciding heavy rain made the ride particularly dangerous . The 22-year old woman and the 60-year-old man required emergency medical treatment and were taken to Westmead Hospital, while the others sought treatment at Concord Hospital. The slide underwent a safety check Sunday morning and was cleared for use, as long as there wasn't another downpour. The thrill seekers were travelling at such great speeds they were unable to stop eventually running into a barricade at the bottom of the slide . Mr Collins said although he hopes the employees have a quick recovery, it was their disregard for safety instructions that got themselves into this situation. 'I want to reinforce the message that you should be abiding by directions, if the train station is closed, you don't climb over onto railway tracks, It is a shame that people have taken it upon themselves to do so on this occasion.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Five staff members sustained serious injuries after taking a joy ride down 'the Super Slide'
The slide was closed after heavy rain made it too dangerous.
The slide underwent a safety check Sunday morning and was cleared for use.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 901, Total accepted tokens: 901, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The Champions of England were smashed into submission at Stade Marcel Michelin on Saturday night, to further expose the vast gulf in clout between the Aviva Premiership clubs and their rich French rivals. This was a brutal mismatch and a shattering result, not just for the ambitious Saints but for the English game as a whole. Jim Mallinder’s men are imperious in domestic rugby — leading the league by 10 points — but they were simply obliterated by the formidable Top 14 giants. Clermont are nigh-on invincible at home and Northampton could do absolutely nothing to even fleetingly threaten their dominance in this raucous arena. Even in the brief moments when the Saints had the temerity to work up a head of steam and go through the phases, they were pounded back in the tackle and turned over time and time again. Clermont winger Noa Nakaitaci (right) scores his second try against Northampton . What unfolded was one-way carnage. France wing Noa Nakaitaci scoring two tries before half-time and Nick Abendanon, the ex-Bath and England full-back, capped a masterful display with a break-away try from 90 metres out. All the while, Brock James kept cranking up the points tally with supreme goal-kicking. Aside from the misery of being dumped out of the Champions Cup in such emphatic fashion, the concern for the Saints will be that this grim rout critically damages their confidence at a key stage of the season. For Northampton and England, there may also be worries over two leading forwards, as Courtney Lawes failed to reappear after half-time and Alex Corbisiero went off, apparently suffering pain in his right knee. Nick Abendanon of Clermont dives over to score a try at the Stade Marcel-Michelin . It was over as a contest long before half-time. There was a pronounced intensity deficit between the sides from the off, with Northampton losing the collisions and appearing somewhat sluggish in contrast to their fired up and energetic opponents. The procession began in the fifth minute when the Saints conceded an early scrum penalty. James landed his first shot at goal and the hosts were on their way. There was so much pressure from Clermont that it was just a matter of time before the Northampton defence was breached. Sure enough, the first try came in the 13th minute, as Fritz Lee blasted clear from a lineout on the right and he released Wesley Fofana. Abendanon cast his magic over the saints defence to inspire comprehensive victory . The France centre was tackled in the 22 by Lee Dickson, but the attack continued at a furious tempo and, when Nakaitaci carved inside off his left foot, he was half stopped, but managed to climb up off the turf, stretch and touch down. The try was confirmed by the TMO and converted by James. It didn’t help the Saints’ already bleak cause that they missed their first scoring chance. After Courtney Lawes had pinched a Clermont lineout throw, the visitors won a penalty but Stephen Myler was off target with the kick. James landed another penalty, then came the two-try barrage which buried Northampton’s hopes of a famous result. At the heart of the onslaught was Abendanon. First, his break laid the platform for Fofana to burst deep into enemy territory and after Napolioni Nalaga was tackled short of the line, the ball was switched right and James’ lofted pass sent Nakaitaci over for his second try. Northampton captain Dylan Hartley leads his team off the pitch after crushing defeat . James converted from a wide angle then two minutes before the break, the blitz continued. Jonathan Davies made ground in the centre, Fofana picked out Abendanon and he raced into space, drew the last defender and passed back inside for the home No 12 to charge clear and touch down. Once again, James added the extras and the Saints were sunk. After the break, James struck another penalty before Abendanon made his long-range dash to the line in the 55th minute, for another converted try. Eventually, with Julien Bonnaire in the sin-bin, Alex Waller crashed over to give Northampton something to show for all their desperate toil, but it was far too little, far too late. The horse had bolted. The game was up.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Champions of England smashed into submission at Stade Marcel Michelin.
Champions of England are beaten by the formidable Top 14 giants Clermont.
England captain Brock James scores two tries before half-time.
France winger Noa Nakaitaci scores two tries before half-time.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 902, Total accepted tokens: 902, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: She's a professional equestrienne and was happy to have a go at wheelchair rugby, a sport nicknamed 'murder ball', during last September's Invictus Games. Now Zara Tindall, 33, has turned her hand to barrel-pulling - and laughingly pretended to pull her 16st 6ft rugby player husband Mike along while striking a pose for the cameras. The moment came during a charity event to mark the end of personal trainer Rob Edmond's marathon barrel-roll from Perthshire to Wiltshire. Taking the strain: Zara straps herself into Mr Edmond's barrel-pulling harness . Pull! Zara pretends to move off while husband Mike beams from his perch on the barrel . Edmond, who set off nine days and 517 miles ago, rolled the whisky barrel for 12 hours a day, only stopping to sleep and take part in comedy gigs at pubs along the way. The Bell's Barrel of Laughs trek also saw Edmond, who was the personal trainer on ITV's The Biggest Loser, joined by comedians including Fred MacAulay, Mark Dolan and Rufus Hound. Actress Joanna Lumley launched the challenge at the Blair Athol Distillery last week, while Zara was at the finish line at the Tedworth House Help for Heroes recovery centre. Tindall, meanwhile, joined Edmond for the final leg of the challenge - running with the personal trainer as he approached the finish line. 'It was good,' said the 36-year-old afterwards. 'I would like to say that I did all the hard work but I just got the glory run in with him. All smiles: Zara, who gave Mr Edmond a hug as he arrived (right), certainly appeared to enjoy the experience . Good effort: Mr Edmond, centre, rolled the barrel 517 miles from Perthshire to Wiltshire . Joking around: Zara, who is working towards 2016's Olympic Games, struck a series of poses in the harness . Support: Zara had turned out to watch Mr Edmond and husband Mike cross the finish line . 'I think the most impressive thing about him is that he is just a bit of a joker and he was telling stories about putting deep heat on people's hats to make their eyes water. 'He was talking about keeping his mind entertained and having a laugh. The one thing you see with people who have been around the military is that when they are in adversity or a tough place they always know how to have a laugh and how to make time pass.' Edmond, whose fundraising drive was also supported by Marston's Pubs, added: 'It's been a monumental challenge but we've made it and the support has been fantastic. 'We can't thank the British public enough.' Tindall, who recently appeared in the Bear Grylls endurance show Mission Survive, praised the work of Help for Heroes, which is set to benefit from Edmond's feat. 'Tedworth House is a pretty impressive place and looks the bees knees, and it is great to see how the money helps,' he said. He also revealed that he hopes to take on some charity challenges of his own. 'I am always quite keen to do any sort of charity challenges now that I am retired,' he said. 'I am doing a quadrathlon later this year, which I am a little bit worried about. I have always enjoyed this type of challenge, so you never know.' Achievement: Mr Edmond, who managed to cover 60 miles a day, completed the feat in just nine days . Heavy: Mr Edmond ran the entire way and rolled the whisky barrel for up to 12 hours a day . Helping out: Mike Tindall ran the final few miles alongside Mr Edmond . Beneficiary: The money raised by Mr Edmond will be donated to Help for Heroes .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Zara Tindall, professional equestrienne, has turned her hand to barrel-pulling.
She and husband Mike Tindall have been involved in charity challenge.
Zara has been working towards 2016's Olympic Games.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 903, Total accepted tokens: 903, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Manchester  City manager Manuel Pellegrini has admitted his club will have to buy young talent because the Academy's youngsters are not ready for first-team action. Liverpool star Raheem Sterling has already had his name linked with the defending Premier League champions after his contract stalemate at Anfield. Part of the pressure on City to land fresh young talent comes from FA chairman Greg Dyke's proposal to increase the quota of homegrown players to 12 in Premier League squads. Manuel Pellegrini doesn't believe his current crop of Academy players are up to joining Yaya Toure and Co . Manchester City keeper Joe Hart makes a save during training on Wednesday . Wilfried Bony is more likely to be joined by a young star such as Raheem Sterling than an Academy player . And, with the Blues having failed to produce any regular homegrown first team squad members since Micah Richards and Dedryck Boyata, Pellegrini admits the short-term answer to the need for the new talent does not lie within the squad. Pellegrini said: 'I think about the Academy, we must be patient. This club build all these things because young players are important. 'Maybe it's not so easy for young players, especially at big clubs, to play in the first team, with the professional squad. 'I'm sure in the future we will have very important players coming from the Academy, they will be part of the squad. 'But it's important to be patient, important to have years of working the same way. But you never know. Maybe some talented young players can do it before.' Pellegrini says he is sure the Academy will produce players worthy of his side but urges patience for now . Sterling (here with Brendan Rodgers) would fit the bill for City if his impasse with Liverpool isn't resolved . Sterling would obviously fit the bill and qualify as one of Dyke's homegrown quota if his impasse at Liverpool proves unsolvable. Pellegrini refused to comment directly about the Liverpool and England forward. But he said: 'I think it's important for big clubs to bring in the best players, that's the most important thing. 'If they're all good players, of course I agree with the quota. All the big leagues - especially the Premier League - need the best players to play.' City's need to add 'homegrown' or 'English' players to their squad has seen them linked with a host of top stars, including Arsenal's Jack Wilshere and Ross Barkley of Everton. Arsenal's Jack Wilshere, who's coming back from injury through the reserves, has attracted City's interest . Everton and England midfielder Ross Barkley is another 'homegrown' player to have caught their eye . The City manager is not in action until Monday when he takes his team to Crystal Palace and with Chelsea in an apparently commanding lead at the top, Pellegrini admits his side faces eight cup finals. He said: 'I hope we can do it. We have to play eight finals from now until the end. We will see the way we play. I hope the way we finish against West Brom is the way we must continue. 'It is not easy to make a clear analysis because they play with one player less. I hope in these eight games we continue playing that way.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini says his club will have to buy young talent.
Liverpool star Raheem Sterling has already been linked with the club.
Pellegrini says he is sure the Academy will produce players worthy of his side.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 904, Total accepted tokens: 904, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Pupils could face disruption to classes as teachers prepare to vote on a national walkout over pay and conditions. Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in the autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures. The National Union of Teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend over the prospect of looming funding cuts. Strike threat: Members of the National Union of Teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend, like the strike here in 2013 . The ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election, with strikes possible from September. The last time teachers across the country went on strike was in July, when 21 per cent of schools were forced to close – leaving parents having to pay for childcare or take a day off work. A motion to hold a ballot on strike action was announced yesterday at the NUT annual conference in Harrogate, with a debate expected tomorrow. Disruption: Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in the autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures . Members will be asked to consider funding shortages in schools, which the union said would lead to redundancies. NUT deputy general secretary Kevin Courtney said education will face a ‘terrible set of cuts’ if action is not taken. Last month, the Institute for Fiscal Studies suggested schools could see cuts of up to 12 per cent over the next parliament.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tens of thousands of teachers could strike in the autumn, potentially causing temporary school closures.
Strike threat: Members of the National Union of Teachers is expected to call for a vote on industrial action this weekend.
The ballot of its 300,000 members would take place after the election, with strikes possible from September.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 905, Total accepted tokens: 905, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Borussia Dortmund's Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid' but the Turkey international didn't go because his family wanted to stay in Germany. The former Real Madrid and Liverpool midfielder, now back at Dortmund, attracted interest from the Gunners back in 2005 when he was playing in the under 17s. 'Arsenal wanted to sign me with a great bid. My family didn't want me to go England,' he told Ntvspor. Borussia Dortmund's Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga with a 'great bid' 'They knew that Dortmund would rise again. I'm grateful for this. After the bid, Dortmund realised that I'm valuable. 'The next year Bert van Marwijk put me in the first team. I was only 16. Also [Jurgen] Klopp trusted me. He is a great person. Now 26, Sahin is back 'home' in Dortmund following an unsuccessful stint at Real that included five months on loan at Anfield during which he failed to settle in and claimed Brendan Rodgers played him out of position. Sahin spent five months on loan at Liverpool (left) while at Real Madrid (right) before returning to Dortmund . Sahin also explained the differences he's experienced between the Bundesliga, La Liga and the Premier League. 'The Bundesliga fans like loyalty. Madrid is a bit different, every player dreams about it. Madrid fans are familiar with success. 'They feel excited only by the El Clasico or the Champions League. Liverpool and Dortmund are different, especially Dortmund.' The lofty heights he's experienced at Dortmund have deserted the proud club this season as they spent the early stages of the campaign at serious risk of relegation, though a resurgence has seen them climb to the relative safety of 10th. They face a tough task on Saturday against the league leaders Bayern Munich before a German Cup quarter-final clash with Hoffenheim on Tuesday.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Borussia Dortmund midfielder Nuri Sahin claims Arsenal tried to lure him from the Bundesliga.
The Turkey international was attracted to the Gunners back in 2005 when he was playing in the under 17s.
Sahin spent five months on loan at Liverpool before returning to Dortmund.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 906, Total accepted tokens: 906, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A man has been charged with stabbing his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork. Antonio Nuñez, 59, was said to be arguing with the woman, who has not been named, at his home in San Antonio, Texas, on Monday. It escalated, and at 4.15am Nuñez allegedly grabbed the gardening tool and drove it into the woman's behind. Attack: Antonio Nunez allegedly stabbed his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork during an argument . According to police, the woman pepper sprayed Nuñez in the eyes and ran across the street to a neighbor who called 911. She is in hospital recovering. Nuñez will be charged with aggravated assault, the Houston Chronicle reported. Neighbors told KSAT the couple have frequent fights which have ended in police attending the scene numerous times. The scene: Deputies were called to the property in San Antonio, Texas, at 4.30am on Monday .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Antonio Nunez, 59, allegedly stabbed his girlfriend in the backside with a pitchfork.
Woman pepper sprayed Nunez in the eyes and ran across the street to a neighbor.
Nunez will be charged with aggravated assault, the Houston Chronicle reported.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 907, Total accepted tokens: 907, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: An unknown man's theft of a Texas neighborhood's wild peacock was caught on camera by surveillance video as he roughly handled the beautiful bird. Residents of Beckley Club Estates in Dallas, Texas, say that they saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage, before quickly snatching him up on Saturday. Footage from the home of Lisa Solis shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving him in his black SUV around 7pm. Residents of a Dallas neighborhood saw a man approach a male peacock, who was in the middle of its mating ritual and had unfurled its full plumage, before quickly snatching him up on Saturday . The man is seen bending down and picking up the bird by its claws before shoving it into his black Chevy Tahoe with its feathers sticking out of the door . Solis's neighbor Tisha Crear said she saw the event, and rushed out of the house and yelled at the man, but could only watch as he drove off with half of the peacock's feathers hanging out of the door. Ms Crear said that she had heard peahens screaming before the incident when the bird, the largest and oldest male peacock of those that live in the subdivision, was stolen, according to NBC Dallas. Ms Solid called the theft and aggressive treatment of the bird animal cruelty. 'Do I need to sit on the porch with a shotgun or what do I have to do? Because we are going to protect the peacocks,' Ms Crear said, holding a feather from the stolen bird. Residents of the neighborhood, where peacocks have lived for the past 20 years, filed a report to the police about the missing animal . Surveillance video also shows the black Chevy Tahoe driver stalking the birds for 20 minutes before he grabbed his target. The suspect is described as a Hispanic man who was wearing shorts, a white shirt and a baseball cap. Peacocks have lived in the neighborhood for 20 years, according to the Dallas Morning News. Residents, who have reported the incident to police, are also worried about the birds' long term survival if the peacock patriarch is not able to return and fertilize eggs. Neighbors have previously organized to protect the animals following one resident's complaint.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Residents of Dallas neighborhood say they saw man grab male peacock.
Footage shows the thief grab the animal by both its claws before shoving him in his car.
Man is seen bending down and picking up the bird by its claws before shoving it into his car.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 908, Total accepted tokens: 908, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: These hilarious images show the moment a frisky tortoise scupper his chances while trying to mate with a female. Clearly in the mood for love, the aroused reptile is seen beginning its painstakingly slow ascent on to the back of a female's shell. But instead of getting lucky, the blundering tortoise somehow manages to lose its balance, sending it toppling over onto its back. The moment things go south: The loved up male tortoise is seen here teetering before he falls on the ground . Shell we just leave it then? He gets no second chances and after failing to impress his mate and she leaves . Talk about lying down on the job -the poor fella looked positively 'shell-shocked' as it found itself on its back unable to get up. The amusing moment was caught on camera, by Ukranian photographer, Vadym Shevchenko, 34, at Kiev Zoo. And it seems the female tortoise wasn't willing to wait around as she was pictured leaving the clumsy Casanova on its back, in the mud. And to add insult to injury, he then had to spend a whole fifteen minutes desperately crawling across the grass of its enclosure before finally getting up. Vadym said: 'The tortoise seemed very eager to make his way over to the female, he was still incredibly slow but it was clear he had a purpose. 'Watching the tortoise attempt to mount the female was almost painful to watch, it took him so long, but we were all sort of curious to see what would happen. The tortoise casanovca made painfully slow progress in getting into position with his mate in the first place . Photographer Vadym Shevchenko said the tortoise seemed very determined even if he was unsuccessful . 'It looked about ready to start but then lost its balance when the female moved, which sent it it rolling onto its back, it really was very funny. 'It landed in a patch of mud behind him and its arms and legs were kicking quite frantically. 'The tortoise was wedged in the small patch of mud, I don't think it would been able to get back onto its feet without some help. Flat on his back, the tortoise lost his balance when the female moved away -  and he had to scrabble in the mud . She wasn't too upset though and went to find some food, leaving her unfortunate partner flailing on the ground . 'The female didn't seem to upset and she quickly moved off in search of food. 'I felt pretty sorry for the little guy, it tried so hard but failed at the last hurdle. 'It makes me wonder how they have stayed alive for so many millions of years. 'Seeing its face struggling in the mud was priceless, I always laugh out loud when I look back at these photographs.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Male tortoise loses balance while trying to mate with female.
Tortoise loses balance and falls on its back, unable to get up.
Tortoise had to spend 15 minutes crawling across the grass of its enclosure.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 909, Total accepted tokens: 909, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A farmer has captured the adorable moment a duckling groomed a lamb's woollen coat in a 'heartwarming sign of trust and friendship'. Videoed enjoying the sunshine outside, the lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the baby duck. Walking around to the front of the lamb, the duck begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its woollen coat. The lamb lowers its head as the duckling approaches (left) before the adorable scene unfolded (right) Clearly enjoying the attention, the lamb keeps its head lowered as the pecking appears to become slightly more erratic. The lamb appears as though it is about to walk away when it drops to the ground and allows the duck to continue. Behind the lamb a number of adult ducks can be seen walking past in a group as the duckling begins to gently peck away at Winter's face. The duckling begins to peck away at the lamb's face (left) as a group of adult ducks waddle past (right) The lamb’s owner said: ‘What could be mistaken as pecking is actually a heartwarming sign of trust and friendship. ‘The duck pecks out little clumps of debris that gets stuck in Winter's woollen coat. ‘They seem so comfortable with each other that Winter can just lay down on the grass for a nap and let his feathered friend do what he does best.’<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: A duckling has captured the heartwarming moment a lamb grooms its woollen coat.
The lamb named Winter stands very still with its head lowered towards the duckling.
The duckling begins pecking away at the lamb's head and neck as if grooming its coat.
The lamb lowers its head as the duckling approaches before the adorable scene unfolds.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 910, Total accepted tokens: 910, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A Cold War bunker built to accomodate civil servants in the event of a nuclear attack has been transformed into a stunning £3.5million luxury home. The property, in the leafy south east London suburb of Chislehurst, was designed and built especially for government officials as the Cold War intensified in 1951. The site was chosen because the wooden area surrounding the building afforded it secrecy and the house was built with five foot thick concrete walls. The Glass House in Chislehurst, which was formerly a secret Cold War bunker and has now been transformed and is up for sale for £3.5million . The house was first built as a place where government officials could sit out a nuclear winter but now has a stunning atrium and a magnificent glass staircase . However, the building fell into disrepair in the years following the end of the Cold War, but now it has been converted into a contemporary luxury home, complete with a swimming pool, a stunning atrium and a magnificent glass staircase. The property, known as the Glass House, has now been put on the market for £3.5million and also boasts five bedrooms, a stylish kitchen, games room and outside roof terrace. It took two years to totally renovate the property as workers were forced to carve windows and doors out of the formidable concrete walls. The property also boasts a swimming pool in the atrium of the building with a glass staircase the centrepiece as you enter the property . The glass roof, which has created a sun room on the top floor. It took two years to carry out the renovations to transform the building from a bunker to a luxury home . As well as a sun room, the house also has a roof terrace. Builders were forced to carve windows and doors out of five foot thick concrete to complete the transformation . Before its transformation the property was a Regional Control Centre, one of four in the London area, built for government officials in the event of a nuclear winter. It was fully equipped with showers, food and fuel stores and is only 20 minutes to London Birdge station by train. There was also a map room, dormitory and diesel generators, which powered the electrical, communication and filtration systems. Before its renovation the house was one of four Regional Control Centres, built for government officials in the event of a nuclear winter . The house boasts five bedrooms, one pictured, as well as a games room, drawing room, several bathrooms and a huge garden . The dining room in the Glass House. Previously the building housed a map room, dormitory and diesel generators, which powered the electrical, communication and filtration systems . The drawing room of the Glass House in Chislehurst. JDM Estate Agents who are marketing the property have described it as truly unique . Several features of the property's original purpose still remain with the new L-shaped shower room owing its unusual design to the fact it was the original blast-proof entrance to the bunker. Steven May, branch manager at JDM Estate Agents, who are marketing the property, said: 'This exceptional house is truly unique. 'It will appeal to those buyers looking for a contemporary luxury home with an interesting history.' Pictured before the transformation, the bunker had been left to ruin after it was abandoned shortly after the Cold War. It was only bought in 1998 . The bunker had huge foundations and concrete walls with the site for the bunker chosen due to the surrounding wooden area, which afforded it a degree of secrecy .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Cold War bunker in Chislehurst, London, has been transformed into luxury home.
The property was designed and built especially for government officials.
The house was first built as a place where government officials could sit out a nuclear winter.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 911, Total accepted tokens: 911, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tyler MacNiven became known to millions when the aspiring filmmaker won the ninth season of The Amazing Race, and a $1million prize, and now it seems he may have used some of that money to create one epic save the date. MacNiven and his fiancee, Kelly Hennigan, made a three-minute film to give friends and family a heads up on their fast approaching nuptials, and the two went all out in the process. The video, inspired by action films, shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore, fight friends disguised as villains and ultimately escape from one very large explosion. And, most importantly, it lets everyone know they should not make plans for September 26, 2015. Scroll down for video . Tyler MacNiven, who won the ninth season of The Amazing Race, filmed a save the date for his upcoming wedding . In the video, MacNiven and his fiancee Kelly Hennigan battle friends and in the end escape one very large explosion . The couple's wedding will be on September 26, 2015, though the video fails to say where the ceremony will take place . The video ends with the couple, dressed in a tuxedo and wedding dress, enjoying a boat ride with friends under the Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco. And while MacNiven was able to use his Amazing Race experience to film the action-packed clip, Hennigan also had something to draw from as her brother is WWE superstar John Morrison. Now word yet if the save-the-date video, which first appeared in the site Broke Ass Stuart, also comes with a magnet for guests to put on their refrigerator.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tyler MacNiven and his fiancee Kelly Hennigan make a three-minute film.
The video shows the two literally saving 'the date' as they wash up on shore.
The couple's wedding will be on September 26, 2015.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 912, Total accepted tokens: 912, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Comments: Veteran broadcaster Peter Alliss has sparked controversy by claiming gender equality laws have backfired and ‘b*****ed up the game’ Veteran broadcaster Peter Alliss has sparked controversy by claiming gender equality laws have backfired and ‘b*****ed up the game’. Alliss, 84, has said that legislation designed to stop golf clubs from discriminating against female members has instead prompted a decline in women’s membership. Some clubs had previously only allowed female members if they played at restricted times in return for a discounted membership fee. But the Equality Act 2010, drafted by the previous Labour government, ruled that this was illegal discrimination, which means that women must now have equal access to the course – and pay the same membership rates as men. Mr Alliss, a former professional who is one of the game’s most decorated players, claimed that tens of thousands of members of the Ladies’ Golf Union have deserted the organisation since the rules came into force. ‘I’m told the Ladies’ Golf Union has lost 150,000 members since equality for women came in,’ Mr Alliss told the Radio Times. ‘Hundreds of women have left golf clubs because they’ve gone from paying half fare to full fare. It’s caused mayhem.’ He added: ‘Equality for women: A few people battled away to get it, they got it, and they have buggered up the game for a lot of people.’ But Sam Burton, finance director at the Ladies’ Golf Union, said there has only been a decline of 30,000 women since the law came into force, taking membership down to 159,000 by last year. Mrs Burton said: ‘It’s not good that ladies golf is declining and we have to look at it, but I don’t think it’s the equalities legislation that is to blame. Golf has been dominated by men and we are always going to be the minority in any club that is mixed. But on the whole golf is becoming much more equal.’ Rant: He added: ‘Equality for women: A few people battled away to get it, they got it, and they have buggered up the game for a lot of people.’ She suggested that possible reasons why golf was not as popular among women included the fact that it was quite an expensive activity and that other sports such as cycling ‘have been marketed more successfully at women’. She added: ‘In 2015 we have to encourage equality and I certainly wouldn’t be a member at a club where I was treated differently just because I was a woman. ‘I think a lot of ladies would feel the same in this day and age.’ However, Tory MP Philip Davies said he agreed with Mr Alliss, adding: ‘This is the consequence of all the legislation. The equality fanatics can’t pick and choose – they either want full equality or they don’t. If they want full equality then they are going to have to pay the same price as everybody else. ‘I don’t suppose [Mr Alliss’s] view is outdated. His view is a factual view to be perfectly honest. He is looking at the practicalities of it.’ The Equality Act applies to clubs with mixed memberships. Male-only golf clubs are still legal. Mr Alliss became a professional golfer in 1947, represented Britain in the Ryder Cup eight times and won 21 tournaments in his career. He began working for the BBC in 1961.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Peter Alliss claims gender equality laws have backfired and 'b*****ed up the game'
Alliss, 84, says women have left golf clubs because they have gone from paying half fare to full fare.
He says equality for women has caused mayhem and has lost 150,000 members.
Ladies' Golf Union says there has only been a decline of 30,000 women since the law came into force.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 913, Total accepted tokens: 913, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A journalist's line of inquiry with regards to an April Fools' Day gag left Arsene Wenger bewildered during Thursday's pre-Liverpool press conference. MailOnline ran a story on April Fools' Day stating that prior to Arsenal's clash with Liverpool at the Emirates, both pre-match teamtalks by captains Per Mertesacker and Jordan Henderson would be streamed live to the world. The story was of course a hoax but it still managed to create plenty of confusion for Wenger and the assembled press at Thursday's media gathering. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger fields questions from the media at Thursday's press conference . Wenger turns to an Arsenal official off camera after he is quizzed about Per Mertesacker's 'live' team talk . Wenger is informed that the story was an April Fools' joke and no basis of truth to it . The Gunners boss and the assembled media break into a fit of laughter following the revelation . 'Per Mertsacker this week is going to give a team talk live around the world,' asked the journalist. 'Is that not the case now before this game?' The bewildered Gunners boss then turns to his press officer off camera who tells Wenger: 'I think that's an April Fools' joke'. 'Ah, I do apologise,' the journalist replies prompting Wenger and the assembled press to collapse into a fit of laughter. Our story claimed that the Premier League convinced its clubs to cooperate with the move in order to keep up with the ever-changing technological landscape. The rivals were said to have agreed to a strict number of rules that will ensure neither side is left at a disadvantage. The story read: 'Although the teamtalks by Mertesacker and Henderson will not be screened on BT Sport - who are covering the match live on TV - fans who own a smartphone will be able to tune in. 'New social media tool Periscope - which was launched last week - will host both teamtalks as it bids to break into the sports market.' Sportsmail revealed at midday on April 1 that the story was indeed a hoax - something the said journalist must've missed! The April Fools' gag revolved around Arsenal captain Mertesacker giving a live team talk this weekend .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger fields questions from the media at Thursday's press conference.
Wenger is informed that the story was an April Fools' joke and no basis of truth to it.
The Gunners boss and the assembled media break into a fit of laughter following the revelation.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 914, Total accepted tokens: 914, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Everton stars Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visited Alder Hey Children’s Hospital on Wednesday to spread some Easter cheer for the young patients and their families. The Toffees duo handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the West Derby hospital following their training session on Wednesday. Speaking during the visit, Baines said: 'Us visiting with chocolate eggs can feel pretty insignificant in comparison to what the kids are going through, what they’re in here for and the period of time they’ve been here, but then you speak to some of the parents, they really appreciate you just coming in and breaking the day up. Leighton Baines (left) and Luke Garbutt paid a visit to Alder Hey Children’s Hospital on Wednesday . Despite being a Liverpool fan, this youngster looked thrilled to meet the Everton duo . 'Some of the kids I recognised from when we visited at Christmas and they haven’t been home since so every day is the same and it’s really tough for them. 'You see unbelievable strength and character here, you look at what some of the kids are going through, it’s so tough and yet they’re still smiling. Hopefully we’ve brightened the day up even if it’s just for a short period of time.' Garbutt and Baines will now be turning their attention to Everton's Premier League clash against Southampton on Saturday. Roberto Martinez's side have endured a difficult season, but will head into the match on the back of two consecutive victories against Newcastle and QPR. Everton and England defender Baines talks to a young patient after giving her several Easter eggs . Baines hailed the 'unbelievable strength and character' of the children at Alder Hey Children’s Hospital . The 30-year-old will be back in action for Everton on Saturday following his spell with England .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Everton stars Leighton Baines and Luke Garbutt visit Alder Hey Children's Hospital.
The pair handed out Easter eggs and posed for photographs in the wards of the West Derby hospital.
Baines said: 'You see unbelievable strength and character here'
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 915, Total accepted tokens: 915, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Things have been going rather sweetly for Oscar in recent times. The Chelsea forward has a Capital One Cup medal to his name this season while his side are currently commanding a six-point lead at the summit of the Premier League standings. The 23-year-old also scored in Brazil's recent 3-1 victory against France in Paris for good measure. Ahead of Chelsea's clash with Stoke at Stamford Bridge on Saturday, the Brazilian took to his Instagram account to post a picture of him swigging from  a bottle of sweets. Chelsea star Oscar messes around on his Instagram account ahead of Saturday's clash with Stoke . Oscar fires past Mamadou Sakho in the 40th minute during Brazil's 3-1 victory over France in Paris . Oscar could be drinking a finely-crafted espresso in Turin next season if recent reports on the midfielder's future come to pass. Scouts from Juventus were present at the Stade de France last Thursday night specifically to watch Oscar in action against Didier Deschamps' side. The Serie A giants are reportedly weighing up an offer for the summer. Oscar signed a contract extension up until 2019 with Chelsea last year having joined the club in 2012. Juventus scouts were at the Stade de France to watch Oscar in action .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Oscar scores in Brazil's 3-1 victory over France in Paris.
The Chelsea forward has a Capital One Cup medal to his name this season.
Oscar could be drinking a finely-crafted espresso in Turin next season.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 916, Total accepted tokens: 916, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Carlisle United manager Keith Curle has launched a scathing attack on his side following their limp 3-1 defeat away at Accrington Stanley, even suggesting that some players 'don't deserve to be professionals.' The Cumbrians are without a win in five games in League Two and are just two places and three points in the table above the relegation zone. 'The strength of character in that changing room is alarmingly week,' Curle said to BBC Radio Cumbria after the match at the Crown Ground. Carlisle United boss Keith Curle has laid into his players following their dismal 3-1 loss at Accrington Stanley . He added, 'You've got to be accountable for yourself and have pride, there are players who can't say they care they put in a performance. They are players who don't deserve to be professionals' Carlisle were relegated from League One last season and have just five games left this term to avoid a similar fate. But Curle was demonstrably cynical as to their chances. 'There's no spirit in this changing room,' he said. The 51-year-old also revealed he was considering staging an open forum for the club's supporters. 'I might get 50 supporters to come down, have an open forum and through (club chairman) Andrew Jenkins they can have half an hour with the players. 'They can tell them exactly what they think of them, and they'll have to take it. Supporters can see when people aren't giving everything for the shirt.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Carlisle United manager Keith Curle launches scathing attack on his side.
The Cumbrians are without a win in five games in League Two.
Curle says players don't deserve to be professionals.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 917, Total accepted tokens: 917, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Yaya Toure was accused by Jamie Carragher of ducking out of the way of Jason Puncheon's free-kick which killed off Manchester City's hopes of salvaging something from Selhurst Park. Toure, who is paid £200,000-a-week, was part of a five-man wall when Puncheon stepped up to double Crystal Palace's lead, but Sportsmail columnist Carragher feels the City midfielder did not do enough to prevent the winner. 'That's not acceptable when you go into a wall,' Carragher said on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football. 'The rest of them are desperate to be hit with the ball in the face and it's poor from Yaya Toure. Jason Puncheon takes the free-kick that killed off Manchester City's chances at Selhurst Park on Monday . Yaya Toure was accused by Sportsmail's Jamie Carragher of ducking out of the way of Puncheon's free-kick . Fernandinho and Vincent Kompany look keen to get their head to the ball but Toure appears to duck . How the top of the Premier League table looks . 'It's a huge wall. Sometimes you look at walls, and that is one of the biggest you'll ever see. 'As he [Puncheon] connects with the ball, if you look at the knees, they're all crouching ready to jump. Yaya Toure doesn't look in the same position as the rest to start with. 'The only thing I was thinking was, does he think it is going to hit him in the face? He puts his head down to try to head it away. 'The more I look at it, everybody else is looking at the ball, doing everything they can. It's not in [Vincent] Kompany's line. It's not in Fernandinho's line. They're stretching their necks trying to get something on it. That's just damning for Yaya Toure.' The defeat left champions City nine points adrift of Chelsea, who also have a game in hand. Carragher accused Toure of shying away from his duties in the wall during the Premier League defeat . Carragher was speaking on Sky Sports' Monday Night Football with fellow pundit Gary Neville (right)<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Jamie Carragher accuses Yaya Toure of ducking out of the way of Jason Puncheon's free-kick.
Toure was part of a five-man wall when Puncheon stepped up to double Crystal Palace's lead.
The defeat left champions Manchester City nine points adrift of Chelsea.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 918, Total accepted tokens: 918, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A football fan is facing a three-year ban after running topless onto a pitch and performing a series of somersaults during his first ever game at the stadium. Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during the team's FA Cup quarter final replay with Bradford City last month. The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time, before being tackled by stewards. Charlie Sumner, 20, staged a one-man pitch invasion at Reading's Madejski Stadium during their quarter final replay with Bradford City last month (pictured) The Reading supporter, whose team were 3-0 up at the time, did four front flips on the pitch, landing on his back each time . Sumner - who said going to his first game was a 'brilliant experience' - is now facing a potential three-year ban for carrying out the stunt. The order, due to be decided on April 30, would stop him going to all Reading's future home and away matches. Sumner, from Wokingham, Berkshire, said he has no regrets about the incident, saying that he had done it for 'laugh' and that his family had 'seen the funny side'. Speaking outside court, he said: 'After doing it and seeing good comments and messages, even from the away fans, I don't look back and regret it. 'Obviously I wouldn't inform other people to do it. It was just spur of the moment. It's good to see good feedback and not negative feedback. 'I'd had a few drinks, I was happy and Reading were winning and I just went for it and had a laugh. It was brilliant.' Asked whether he goes to many Reading matches, he added: 'That was my first game actually. It was a good experience. Obviously being there on the first game - not after what I've done, but standing in the stadium, watching the game from the stadium - it's a brilliant experience. 'Obviously with the ban, I wouldn't be able to experience that experience again.' Charlie Sumner, pictured outside Reading Magistrates' Court. He is facing a potential banning order . After running onto the pitch, Sumner was tackled by stewards. The footage of Sumner's antics went viral . The incident took place on March 16, when the match was being broadcast live to millions of viewers on BBC One. Afterwards, footage of Sumner's antics also went viral on the internet. Sumner, who went to the match with a group of eight friends, said he talked with his friends in a taxi on the way to the match about potentially running on to the pitch. 'I did say no at first. Then Reading were winning and I got a bit excited,' he said. 'I went to rave on Friday and there's another video on Facebook and I'm doing flips there. I've had a few selfies, a few drinks bought for me.' Sumner said he spoke to friends on the way to the stadium about carrying out the stunt. He said he had no regrets and that his family had seen 'the funny side' But Sumner, who works as a dry liner fixing ceilings, said he thought a potential football banning order 'seemed a bit much.' 'I don't want a three year ban because obviously it's quite a bit,' he said. 'I'm not encouraging people do it and if I go to another game, I'm not going to do it again.' At today's hearing, Sumner's solicitor entered a guilty plea on his client's behalf to one count of going on to a playing area at a football match under the Football Offences Act 1991. Sumner, who was at court but missed his hearing after leaving the building briefly, was released on bail with conditions that he does not attend Reading's home or away matches. He will appear at Reading Magistrates' Court on April 30 when a decision will be made on whether he receives a football banning order.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Football fan Charlie Sumner faces three-year ban after topless pitch invasion.
Sumner, 20, did four somersaults during his first game at Reading's Madejski Stadium.
Sumner said he had no regrets about the incident, saying he had done it for 'laugh'
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 919, Total accepted tokens: 919, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Arsenal playmaker Mesut Ozil seemed to be in a enjoying his home comforts after arriving back in London following the international break, posting a picture putting his feet up with his dog. The German star was in fine form as the World Cup winners beat Georgia 2-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday, and is now setting his sights on the Premier League encounter with Liverpool at the weekend. And Ozil gave an insight into what he does in his downtime after taking a snap of him playing with his pet with the caption: 'Home Sweet Home'. Mesut Ozil posted a picture on Twitter relaxing with his dog on Wednesday after returning home to London . Ozil impressed on international duty as Germany beat Gerogia 2-0 in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday . The midfielder, who was signed for £42.5million from Real Madrid in 2013, missed Arsenal's last game against Newcastle through illness, but will be expected to start against Liverpool at the Emirates Stadium. Ozil was said to have been spotted in a Berlin nightclub after missing the Gunners' 2-1 win at St James' Park, though manager Arsene Wenger rubbished those claims. He has been doing the business on the pitch after returning from injury though,  wracking up four assists and scoring three goals since January. And the former Schalke man says he is finally adjusting to English football, claiming he fits in 'perfectly'. 'There are a lot of what we call 'English weeks' in Germany - where you play twice, and there's no winter break either,' he said. 'It's demanding because you don't have many breaks to recover, but as a footballer it's great to have so many games and I'm the sort of player who prefers playing in many matches - that's why I fit perfectly here.' The playmaker has been in fine form since returning from injury for Arsenal this year .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mesut Ozil is enjoying his home comforts after returning to London.
The German star is in fine form as Arsenal beat Georgia 2-0 in Euro 2016 qualifier.
Ozil is now setting his sights on Premier League encounter with Liverpool at the weekend.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 920, Total accepted tokens: 920, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Lionel Messi should be fit to play in Barcelona's La Liga game at Celta Vigo on Sunday despite a scare over a possible foot injury, centre back Gerard Pique said on Wednesday. Messi, the top scorer in La Liga, did not feature in either of Argentina's friendlies during the international break after sustaining a blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico' against Real Madrid. 'I am optimistic about Messi, I have spoken to him,' Pique told reporters at a promotional event. Lionel Messi (right) should be available for Barcelona's trip to Celta Vigo, according to Gerard Pique . 'I think that he can play at Balaidos (Celta's stadium),' added the Spain international, who came through Barca's youth academy with Messi. 'In the end it is up to how he feels during the rest of the week. The medical staff are those who should decide. My feeling is that he will play.' Barca's 2-1 win at home to Real stretched their lead over their arch rivals at the top of La Liga to four points with 10 games left. Second-placed Real, who host Granada on Sunday, have stuttered in recent weeks and the 2-1 defeat at the Nou Camp was their third loss in their last four outings in all competitions. Messi (left) is slightly doubtful after suffering a foot injury in Barcelona's 2-1 win over Real Madrid last month . Barca, by contrast, are on a seven-match winning run and in with a chance of repeating 2009's unprecedented treble of Champions League and Spanish league and Cup after failing to secure major silverware last term for the first time in six years. They play Paris Saint-Germain in the quarter-finals of Europe's elite club competition and are through to May's King's Cup final against Athletic Bilbao. 'We know it is going to be very hard and we will have to be at a high level if we want to win the titles,' Pique said. 'We have the team and we have demonstrated an improvement over the past year, the level has been rising and has given us a lot of confidence.' The forward didn't feature in either of Argentina's recent friendlies against El Salvador or Ecuador .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Lionel Messi should be fit to play in Barcelona's La Liga game at Celta Vigo.
The top scorer in La Liga did not feature in either of Argentina's friendlies during the break.
The 23-year-old sustained a blow to his right foot in last month's 'Clasico' against Real Madrid.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 921, Total accepted tokens: 921, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: FIFA has announced that Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has returned a £16,000 watch he was given as a gift. Dyke was given one of a limited edition of Parmigiani watches by the Brazilian FA during a FIFA Congress meeting in Sao Paulo during the World Cup - with 65 handed out in goodie bags totalling more than £1million. When the watches were recalled, Dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the FA's official charity partner, Breast Cancer Care, so that it could be auctioned. Greg Dyke (right) and the £16,000 Parmigiani watch that he was given as a gift at the World Cup last summer . But, with the threat of sanctions if he did not return the watch, FIFA's ethics committee has confirmed receipt of the item and has now closed proceedings on the matter. 'Mr Greg Dyke has returned the CBF Parmigiani watch. As a consequence, the adjudicatory chamber of the FIFA Ethics Committee has decided to close the proceedings in respect of a possible breach of the FIFA Code of Ethics,' the FIFA statement, issued on Tuesday afternoon, read. Dyke insisted he was unaware of the value of the gift when he first received it and, once made aware, said he would allow it to be auctioned for Breast Cancer Care, the official charity partner of the FA - who are looking to raise £500,000 for their cause before next summer. After six months of legal wrangling Dyke has now relented and the item has been returned, whilst it is understood all of the watches will now be auctioned for a Brazilian charity and that Dyke will make a personal donation to Breast Cancer Care. Dyke watches England play Costa Rica at the World Cup as England were eliminated in the group stage .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Greg Dyke has returned a £16,000 watch he was given as a gift.
Dyke was given one of a limited edition of Parmigiani watches by the Brazilian FA.
Dyke initially refused to hand his back having promised to donate it to the FA's official charity partner, Breast Cancer Care.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 922, Total accepted tokens: 922, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tyler Walker is a player who could form Nottingham Forest’s attack for years to come, according to manager Dougie Freedman. The 18-year-old striker came off the bench to score an impressive first goal of his senior career at Brentford on East Monday. It took him level with a Forest legend of the same surname: his dad Des, a scorer just once in 408 games for the club. Tyler Walker celebrates after scoring his first senior goal for Nottingham Forest away to Brentford . A source of mirth around the dinner table? Quite probably, although the younger Walker still has some way to go to match his father’s feats. He has managed just 56 minutes in his fledgling career so far, a distance from the 858 senior games, including 59 England caps, of Des. Still, the game is about goals… . True, and Walker Junior’s was a peach, controlling a high ball in an instant, shimmying past a defender, and rifling a left-foot shot into the net. It was curiously similar to his old man’s only goal, coming on New Year’s Day 1992 against Luton. He too smashed in an angled shot with his left. The younger Walker could already have passed his tally had he done better than skew wide a glorious chance at Griffin Park. The 18-year-old attacker is son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender Des Walker . He seems the real deal though, not just daddy’s boy made good through connections? That paternal link may have helped initially but since entering the Forest academy Tyler has proved his pedigree. He began the season in Jack Lester's Under-18 squad, and made a sizeable impression in January by firing a hat-trick against West Bromwich Albion in the FA Youth Cup fourth round. He progressed to Forest’s Under-21s and scored seven goals in 13 starts, leading Freedman to take notice and offer a chance following injuries to Britt Assombalonga, Matty Fryatt and Dexter Blackstock. Walker made his debut in the final minute of Forest’s 2-0 win over Rotherham on March 18, at the same age his dad did under Brian Clough 31 years earlier. Walker scored a goal of the highest quality as he twisted and turned before firing past David Button . Freedman presumably knows a good striker when he finds one… . The Forest manager is a huge fan of the teenager, hyping him up rather than playing things down. ‘I believe he can play for the club for a very long time and make the striker's role his in the very near future,’ Freedman said after the draw against Brentford. ‘I am pleased to stand here and say, “You have a wonderful young asset at the football club who is only going to get better”. ‘The biggest advantage is that he is a very well-rounded, level-headed boy that turns up every day and works hard. If he has that mindset then you have a chance.’ What are his attributes? As displayed by his goal, Walker is two-footed and possesses good balance. He is quick, an intelligent runner, and a smart finisher. He also has a striker’s mentality. As part of the FA Youth Cup hat-trick he won an argument with team-mate Gerry McDonagh over who would take a penalty, going on to score. The youngest is highly thought of by Forest boss Dougie Freedman, who believes he has a big future .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Nottingham Forest striker Tyler Walker scores first goal of his senior career.
The 18-year-old striker scores a goal in a 2-0 win over Brentford on East.
The 18-year-old striker is son of former England and Nottingham Forest defender Des Walker.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 923, Total accepted tokens: 923, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: This is the hilarious moment a man performs a musical toast at his sister's wedding to welcome his new brother-in-law to the family. Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at Eagle Bay, south of Perth, over the weekend in place of their father who passed away. Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser performed a song which poked fun at the burdens of marriage. Scroll down for video . Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding at  Eagle Bay, south of Perth . 'Well it's done now, you can't turn back. You're legally binded by the wedding trap,' Mr Fraser sang. 'For better for worse, it's only a curse, so open your wallet…and fill up her purse.' The crowd, who can be heard bursting out in laughter throughout the song, erupt into a standing ovation at the end of the performance. 'Are the bins out? Have the dishes been done? Hey, you take the kids and take the dog for a run,' Mr Fraser sang. He told Perth Now the performance was received far more positively than he anticipated. 'I thought it might get a bit of a giggle, but I never imagined it would go ballistic,' he said. Far from a conventional toast, Mr Fraser's song poked fun at some of the burdens of marriage . The song included jokes about the new husband needing to take the bins out and taking the dog for a run . The musical toast at his sister's wedding left the guests in stitches .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Amanda Beringer asked her brother Brad Fraser to make a toast at her wedding.
The toast was made at her sister's wedding in place of their father who passed away.
The toast was made at the wedding of their new brother-in-law.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 924, Total accepted tokens: 924, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: David Luiz could be a doubt for Paris Saint-Germain's Champions League clash with Barcelona after picking up a hamstring injury on Sunday. The Brazilian defender went off after 35 minutes of PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille after suffering an injjury to his left leg. Shortly after his side had fallen behind in their top of the table clash,the Brazilian was running away from a Marseille player, before being caught by a stray leg. David Luiz carries the ball out of defence on one of his trademark forays, but one such run led to his injury . The Brazilian defender immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced . The former-Chelsea defender attempted to continue breaking forward, but pulled up sharply holding his hamstring a couple of yards later. The club's official English Twitter account confirmed it was a muscle pull, tweeting: '@DavidLuiz_4 crumples to the floor with a hamstring pull #OMPSG' Reports suggest the 27-year-old will have scans on Monday to assess the extent of the injury. If it is serious as suggested then Luiz will surely be a doubt for PSG's upcoming games with Saint-Etienne, Bastia and Barcelona, whom the French side face in the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final on April 15. in his absence the French champions looked less than assured, conceding a second poor goal just a few minutes after Luiz departed, but they rallied to win the game and return to the top of the table with a better second-half display. Luiz limped off, and could now be a doubt for the Champions league quarter-final against Barcelona . PSG will hope their star defender can recover quickly, as he is a key part of their plans .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: David Luiz could be a doubt for Paris Saint-Germain's Champions League clash with Barcelona after picking up a hamstring injury on Sunday.
The Brazilian defender went off after 35 minutes of PSG's 3-2 win over Marseille after suffering an injury to his left leg.
The club's official English Twitter account confirmed it was a muscle pull, tweeting: '@DavidLuiz_4 crumples to the floor with a hamstring pull.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 925, Total accepted tokens: 925, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A New Zealand man was taken aback after receiving a phone call from his brother who had been missing for 10 years. John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005 after he left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north. But on Tuesday evening his brother Tobias received a call from John saying he had would be visiting in the coming weeks, reports Stuff NZ. John Daniel Tohill, 37, made contact with his family this week for the first time since 2005 . Over the years his family has hired investigators and police, but because he was an adult and had disappeared without notice before there was little incentive for police to appeal to the public for information. The family learned that John had never left the country, had no savings and did not possess a driver's licence. But after a call out for public sightings of him, John called his brother on Tuesday. 'It's pretty amazing,' Tobias said. 'He wanted to keep to himself all this time.' He was reportedly alerted to the search by a colleague who showed him the story on Stuff NZ. Tobias said his brother offered little explanation to his disappearance. John's brother Tobias (pictured) received a call from John saying he had would be visiting them in coming weeks . 'He is happy. He sounds well. He sounds like his is in a good way. We were very happy to hear from him.' John will visit his family in the coming weeks, including his father, who is in the final stage of dementia. 'It's a bit strange,' Tobias said. 'It's really good to hear he is well. I don't have to think about it any more.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: John Daniel Tohill, 37, was last heard from by family in 2005.
He left Nelson on the Tasman bay to travel north.
Family has hired investigators and police, but because he was an adult and had disappeared without notice.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 926, Total accepted tokens: 926, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Forget learning ABCs. One doting dad has been teaching his son how to 'magically fly'. YouTube videos show four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air. As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright. His outstretched arms help him to remain airborne. Caught on camera: YouTube videos show four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on the palm of his father's hand as he's lifted through the air . Bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the tot in action. Noah apparently started performing the 'circus act' when he was just one-month-old. However, as he was still wobbly on his legs he was lifted low to the ground. He also clung on to one of his father's hands for extra support. Perfect balance: As he whizzes up and down, the infant manages to keep his legs and body upright . Crowd pleaser: Bystanders are heard laughing in the background as they watch the tot in action . When his balance started to improve, Noah mastered the stunt hands-free. But now, more than a year on, it appears he could be getting a little too heavy for his father to lift in the palm of his hand. New videos show the infant getting up to more grown-up antics from 'riding shotgun on a skateboard' to tucking into a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Noah's parents describe him as having a 'fun' and 'crazy' adventurous spirit. Starting young: Noah apparently started performing the 'circus act' when he was just one-month-old .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: YouTube videos show four-month-old Noah Monte perfectly balancing on his father's hand.
Noah apparently started performing the 'circus act' when he was just one-month-old.
Noah's parents describe him as having a 'fun' and 'crazy' adventurous spirit.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 927, Total accepted tokens: 927, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Gearing up for tonight's NCAA championship game, a group of meerkats have been testing out their basketball skills. The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen. Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing  tall on their back legs. However, instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure. Spectators were seen smiling as they watched the team of animals in action. The zoo put on a range of Final Four activities over the weekend for visitors including a basketball-theme scavenger hunt. March Madness is set to come to a close tonight as the Wisconsin Badgers and Duke Blue Devils go head-to-head at the Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis. In action: Gearing up for tonight's NCAA championship game, a group of meerkats have been testing out their basketball skills . Sporting activities: The critters were filmed at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo after getting a makeshift backboard and hoop installed in their pen . Team work: Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus and standing tall on their back legs . Fancy footwork: However, instead of an even-surfaced court, they're forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Meerkats at Indiana's Indianapolis Zoo test out their basketball skills.
Footage shows them inquisitively inspecting the piece of sports apparatus.
The critters are forced to contend with the hilly floor of their enclosure.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 928, Total accepted tokens: 928, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Forget the Easter Bunny, it was an egg-laying chick spreading the joy in one household. A video uploaded by YouTube user Shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by a toy mothering hen. As the motorized plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg, the infant can barely believe her eyes. When the first egg emerges she cries  for joy and when the third comes she lets out a shriek with her arms waving around. Before laying its eggs - which are unfortunately plastic, not chocolate - the toy bird plays a short song. 'I'm about to show you how it's done, laying eggs is so much fun,' it chimes. Caught on camera: A video uploaded by YouTube user shkesi shows a baby girl mesmerized by the mothering hen . Wow! As the plush bird bounces up and down and pops out an egg the infant can barely believe her eyes . After the show is over, the baby's big sister asks if she would like to see it again. The little girl lets out another scream signaling a 'yes' as she sits excitedly wriggling in her highchair. To date the video clip - originally filmed in 2013 - has been watched more than one million times. Shkesi says the baby's 'egg-static' reaction is something that 'never gets old'. Smiles all around: When the first egg emerges she cries for joy and with the third delivery she lets out a big scream with her arms waving around . Encore: After the show is over, the baby's big sister asks if she would like to see it again .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Baby girl mesmerized by toy mothering hen.
Baby cries for joy when first egg emerges.
Baby's big sister asks if she would like to see it again.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 929, Total accepted tokens: 929, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A freak snowstorm was captured on video engulfing a bridge and then a river in a matter of seconds in Russia. The incredible weather event took place in Siberia’s third largest city, Krasnoyarsk, and shows the moment snow and sleet plunge the Yenisei River into darkness. A video maker captured the storm, which initially it looks like a large white cloud, from the bank of a river. The snowstorm moved at a speed of 45mph and engulfed the��Kommunalnyi Bridge in a matter of seconds . Suddenly the storm grows in size and begins moving at a speed of 45mph towards the Kommunalnyi Bridge, which it instantly dwarfs with its size. Flecks of snow can be seen in the air as the large cloud becomes increasingly grey in colour and the bridge disappears from view. The video maker then tilts the camera slightly and captures the cloud moving overhead. Flecks of snow become bigger and more frequent as the snowstorm continues to engulf the video maker . Visibility is drastically reduced as the snowstorm engulfs the Russian city in a matter of seconds . The flecks of snow suddenly become larger and more of them can be seen beating down on the side of the river bank. Moving ever closer, the wind begins picking up and suddenly the visibility is next to zero. The video maker then captures a friend standing nearby before returning to film the storm, which the pair are now very much a part of. The video maker momentarily films a friend before returning to the storm, which they are now a part of . The video concludes with more snow pelting the video maker and the grey clouds obscuring the sun completely. According to reports, warm weather is thought to have caused the cyclone, which swept through the city centre in less than a minute.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Video maker captures the storm, which initially looks like a large white cloud.
The storm engulfed the Kommunalnyi Bridge in a matter of seconds.
The storm then engulfed the river bank and the pair became a part of it.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 930, Total accepted tokens: 930, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Dogs are usually maestros when it comes to games of throw and catch - especially when there's food involved. But Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills, as a new video shows. The pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying - and miserably failing - to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth. Slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch the treat. However, despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead. A defeated Fritz is then seen hanging his head low, with his bunny ears falling to the ground. The pup has made quite a name for himself with his poor catching skills. Indeed, his YouTube channel boasts more than five million hits. Other videos show him being thrown steak, tacos, bread rolls, pizza and donuts, with misses every time. Fritz's owner, Evan Ball, hopes that one day the dog will be able to achieve the 'paw-fect' catch. He added: 'While we all intently anticipate the day when Fritz masters the skill of catching food in his mouth, we also patiently embrace the journey.' Ready, set, go: Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills, as a new video shows . Good effort: The pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying, and miserably failing, to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth . Not-so-paw-fect catch: Slow-motion footage shows him licking his lips and enthusiastically leaping up to catch the treat . Defeated: However, despite his best efforts, the egg narrowly misses his jaw, bounces off his chest and hits the grass instead .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Fritz the Golden Retriever from California appears to lack any eye-mouth co-ordination skills.
The pooch was filmed wearing bunny ears this Easter trying, and miserably failing, to catch a hard-boiled egg between his teeth.
Fritz's owner, Evan Ball, hopes that one day the dog will be able to achieve the 'paw-fect' catch.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 931, Total accepted tokens: 931, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sir Nick Faldo will now know for sure whether Rory McIlroy is bulking up too much after appearing to give the world No 1 a squeeze during Monday's practice round at Augusta National. After McIlroy was on the cover of Men's Health magazine and admitted he was 'obsessed with the gym', Faldo, a three-time Masters winner, voiced his concern that the 25-year-old was spending too much time on the weights. Faldo last week told the Daily Telegraph: 'Throwing 200lb and 300lb weights around is not going to be good for your golf swing. The heaviest weight I would ever lift was my body weight. You can play some pretty good golf when you have just got some decent shoulders on you and a strong neck and a strong pair of hands.' Sir Nick Faldo puts a hand on Rory McIlroy's shoulder during Monday's practice round ahead of the Masters . McIlroy and three-time Masters champion Faldo greeted each other with a handshake at Augusta National . McIlroy's fitness programme doesn't seem to be doing him too much harm. He goes into the year's first major as the bookies' favourite and looking to become just the sixth player in history to complete the career grand slam. He shook Faldo's hand on Monday and the Englishman, wearing a green jacket McIlroy would love to have in his collection, gave him a squeeze on the shoulder. As expected, McIlroy drew a huge crowd as patrons piled in to the famous Georgia course and Scottish amateur Bradley Neil had a taste of things to come as he practised with him. The patrons were also keen to get close to McIlroy as Masters week began with the Monday practice . McIlroy, preparing to tee off on the fourth, is bidding to win a fifth major and complete a career grand slam . World No 1 McIlroy made sure he put in a bit of work in the huge bunkers at the Georgia venue . Meanwhile, just 27 per cent of McIlroy's fellow professionals think he will complete the career grand slam by winning the Masters this week. But the good news for the 25-year-old is that he is far more popular than defending champion Bubba Watson, who cannot rely on too much support if he gets into a fight at Augusta National. Those were among the results gleaned by an ESPN.com survey of 103 tour professionals - 21 of whom were major champions - who anonymously answered questions on a wide range of topics. Asked if McIlroy would be wearing a green jacket on Sunday, 28 players said yes, 72 said no and three abstained. McIlroy will have caddie JP Fitzgerald on the bag to help him plot his way round the stunning course . The Northern Irishman had Scottish amateur Bradley Neil for company during Monday's practice . And McIlroy congratulated Neil after he chipped in at the second... save them for Thursday Bradley . Asked which player they would not help in a fight in the car park, Watson got double the number of responses (22.6 per cent) of second-place finisher Patrick Reed (11 per cent). Rory Sabbatini was third and Robert Allenby fourth. Other topics covered in the survey included slow play and recreational drugs - Kevin Na was judged in need of the first one-shot penalty in 20 years on the PGA Tour, narrowly ahead of Ben Crane, while 40 players felt the Tour should stop testing for marijuana. And on the subject of Tiger Woods, only seven per cent thought he would not win another major before the start of the season. However, after Woods missed the cut in Phoenix and withdrew from his next event after 11 holes, the numbers became 50/50. McIlroy walks with Scottish amateur Neil on the 12th fairway during a practice round for the Masters . McIlroy putts on the 12th green as he puts the final touches on his preparations for the upcoming Masters .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sir Nick Faldo says he is concerned that Rory McIlroy is spending too much time on weights.
McIlroy is the bookies' favourite to win the Masters this week.
McIlroy is preparing to tee off on the fourth.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 932, Total accepted tokens: 932, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Three people are fortunate to be alive after a hot air balloon collided with a transmission tower and crashed to the ground during a training session in Russia. In the incident, which was captured on camera, the balloon catches the side of the tower and the basket, which carries three occupants, plummets to the ground. The instructor and two passengers were hospitalised with cuts and bruises but are all reported to be in a stable condition. The filmmaker captured the moment the balloon collides with the side of the transmission tower . The horrifying incident took place in the sky over Russia’s Dmitrov district. Recording from a car, the filmmaker follows three hot air balloons through the trees as they float in the sky. In the right hand corner of the screen a balloon can be seen edging closer to a transmission tower, but it seems it be moving in a controlled manner. Suddenly the balloon begins plummeting to the ground as the filmmaker continues to drive towards it . The balloon begins disintegrating and the basket, carrying three people, plummets towards the ground . Suddenly as the balloon passes by it collides with the tower, and despite the filmmaker’s distance from the accident, the tension on the balloon is visible. Continuing to drive closer to the balloon, the video maker captures it swaying in the wind – its tiny basket perched quite a distance above the ground. The car then makes its final approach towards it and suddenly the balloon begins plummeting as it starts to tear. The basket speeds up and hits the ground but luckily all of the passengers survive the accident . Within seconds the balloon appears to have disintegrated entirely and the basket begins to descend even quicker. Suddenly it crashes to the ground – and a scream can be heard from within side the filmmaker’s car. The video concludes with a number of people running over towards the fallen basket in an attempt to help the people on board as debris from the destroyed balloon rains down on them. The video concludes with people running over to the fallen basket and attempting to assist the passengers .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Three people are hospitalised after hot air balloon crashes to ground.
The balloon collided with a transmission tower during a training session.
The balloon was carrying three occupants and was filmed by a car.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 933, Total accepted tokens: 933, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Graeme McDowell admits he has sometimes needed to spend time in a padded room after failing to get to grips with the challenges posed by Augusta National. But the former US Open champion is optimistic he can improve on his Masters record this week after overcoming an ankle injury which forced him to withdraw from the Valero Texas Open last month. 'It was the third time in my career I've had to withdraw from a tournament and it's not something I enjoy doing,' McDowell said after a practice round at Augusta. 'I was not really sure the extent of how much I had hurt myself and nearly withdrew from the pro-am on Wednesday, and probably should have in hindsight. Graeme McDowell has vowed to play 'aggressive' golf to help improve his poor Masters record . 'It was a peroneal tendon strain and, with a big season ahead, I didn't want to force anything. This is the first 18 holes I have walked since, and I feel good, so we are actually in better shape than we expected.' McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters - although he finished 17th in 2009 and 12th in 2012 - and concedes the long course does not suit his game. But the 35-year-old Northern Irishman added: 'Despite the fact that my record round here is not great, I do love this golf course. I could easily play it every day and be very content. 'It's such a great golf course, you learn something about it every year. I was out there just picking up little nuances that I haven't perhaps noticed before and putting those in the memory bank and trying to apply your knowledge and experience and hope that some year I can come here and really compete. This could be the year. The golfer (left) took in a practice round with his coach Pete Cowen on the Augusta National course . 'I am excited. I am really focusing hard on my chipping and putting this year. I haven't putted well enough here and it seems like such an obvious key round here. 'Sometimes I have required a padded cell when I've walked off the 18th green because I have got frustrated, but I have learned to understand why the course frustrates you, because it makes you play with the handbrake on. You have to take it off sometimes and play aggressively to conservative targets. 'That's a sort of sports psychology thing, but it means you take shots on that you fancy and if you don't like it you have to play safe. Sometimes it can be dangerous to be playing extremely well coming in here because it gets you to take too much on. Sometimes when you are a tiny bit off and have to play a tiny bit safer and smarter, that can be a good recipe around here so it's getting that right balance.' McDowell chips towards the green as his caddie Ken Comboy looks on during a practice round at Augusta .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Graeme McDowell has vowed to play 'aggressive' golf to help improve his Masters record.
McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters.
McDowell has made the cut just twice in seven attempts in the Masters.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 934, Total accepted tokens: 934, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Notts County have appointed Ricardo Moniz as their new manager just a week after the club announced that he was unable to commit to the role. The former Tottenham and Hamburg coach pulled out of the running due to 'family reasons' at the end of March but on Tuesday moved to Meadow Lane on a three-year deal. The 50-year-old Dutchman has six games to save his new side from relegation into Sky Bet League Two, with the Magpies currently one point from safety. Notts County have appointed former Tottenham and Hamburg coach Ricardo Moniz as their new manager . Moniz has six games to save Notts County from relegation to League Two with the club one point from safety . Notts County have been without a permanent manager since the departure of Shaun Derry on March 23, with Paul Hart and Mick Halsall taking caretaker charge of their recent games. But Moniz, who steered Red Bull Salzburg to Austrian league and cup glory in the 2011/12 campaign, will now take the reins. The club have confirmed that Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant, with strength and conditioning coach Mike Edwards and goalkeeping coach Kevin Pilkington remaining in their posts. The League One club have confirmed that Dave Kevan will be Moniz's assistant at Meadow Lane . Magpies chairman Ray Trew told the club's official website: 'As I have said previously, I set out on our search for a new manager with an open mind but with a determination to find someone who would be able to bring a new level of excitement to Notts County. 'I think in Ricardo we have found that because, having spoken to him at length, his footballing philosophy is one of structured attacking play, which I hope is something that our fans will buy into, because I know that when I come to Meadow Lane I want to be entertained, I want to be excited by what I see out there on the pitch. 'Results, of course, are the yardstick by which managers are ultimately judged, but if we can play the sort of football that gets people off their seats and instil in our players the desire to take games to our opponents, I think we can make a real impression in this division. Notts County have been without a permanent manager since the departure of Shaun Derry on March 23 . 'Ricardo has a fantastic reputation within the game, not only for the style of football that he plays, but also his ability to spot and nurture young talent, so I am confident that his appointment will be of benefit to all levels of the club. 'In Dave I have been able to bring in someone who knows this level of football and, perhaps equally importantly, knows this football club. He's a Notts County person and I am delighted that he agreed to return for what I feel is an exciting period ahead for the club. 'The new management team's immediate goal is clear, with survival in League One our short-term aim obviously, but work is already under way to ensure that we have the best possible squad available to make a real impression next season.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Notts County appoint Ricardo Moniz as their new manager.
Moniz has six games to save Notts County from relegation to League Two.
Moniz has been with Red Bull Salzburg in Austria since 2011.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 935, Total accepted tokens: 935, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A mysterious Easter Bunny has delivered chocolate eggs to every house in a village of 3,000 people. Residents from Alderholt, Dorset, woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps. Rob Wood, 67, said: 'It is just such a lovely gesture. Every house in the village got one as far as we are aware. Local residents in Alderholt, Dorset, pictured, awoke on Sunday to find an Easter egg on every doorstep . 'We walked around the village and everyone seemed to have been left one of these chocolate foil wrapped eggs. 'My daughter said everyone was talking about it on Facebook. It's never happened before. It must have been quite some operation.' Tracey Feltham added: 'It's just such a beautiful thing. Everyone is on Facebook going absolutely crazy about it. 'It looks like everyone was left an egg. It's very Vicar of Dibley! 'It's a wonderful act of random kindness and I think that explains where it has come from. 'It's just such a lovely thing to do. It's never happened before and I've lived here for 20 years.' Residents of the picturesque Dorset village described the deed as 'a wonderful act of random kindness'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Residents of the picturesque Dorset village described the deed as 'a wonderful act of random kindness'
Residents from Alderholt, Dorset, woke to discover a chocolate egg on their doorsteps.
Rob Wood, 67, said: 'It is just such a lovely gesture. Every house in the village got one as far as we are aware'
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 936, Total accepted tokens: 936, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ben Crenshaw will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance in the Masters by standing in for Arnold Palmer in the traditional par-three tournament at Augusta National. Palmer is unable to play alongside Gary Player and Jack Nicklaus in the curtain-raising event on Wednesday afternoon as he recovers from a dislocated shoulder, although the 85-year-old will still act as honorary starter on Thursday. Billy Payne, chairman of Augusta National, said in a statement: 'We were sad to learn that Arnold will not participate in this year's Par 3 Contest, but his health is most important. Ben Crenshaw will join Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player in the par-three competition at the Masters . 'We are very excited to welcome him to the tee Thursday as an Honorary Starter, where we will once again honour his extraordinary contributions to the Masters Tournament and the game of golf. 'We are pleased to announce that Ben Crenshaw has accepted our invitation to join Jack Nicklaus and Gary Player for this year, which we felt was a fitting way to acknowledge the end of Ben's illustrious 44 years of competition at the Masters. We look forward to Arnold's return to the Par 3 Contest next year.' The winner of the par three contest has never gone on to win the tournament proper in the same year. Arnold Palmer (right) is unable to play because of a shoulder problem but will be an honorary starter .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ben Crenshaw will mark his 44th and last consecutive appearance in the Masters.
Crenshaw will stand in for Arnold Palmer in the traditional par-three tournament.
Palmer is unable to play alongside Gary Player and Jack Nicklaus in the curtain-raising event.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 937, Total accepted tokens: 937, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Dundee manager Paul Hartley is not reading too much into Dundee United's recent slide ahead of Wednesday night's Scottish Premiership derby at Dens Park. United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions, drawing the other two, while their last league victory was way back on January 24 against Motherwell. However, Hartley is refusing to believe that will make his side's job any easier as they attempt to register their first win in a derby this season at the fourth attempt. Paul Hartley is not reading too much into Dundee United's recent slide ahead of Wednesday's  derby game . Hartley said: 'They've still got good players. 'We're under no illusion about the talent they have throughout the squad. 'We've seen it throughout the season - and in games against us, in particular. We know they've got players who can hurt you anywhere. We need to be focused on what we can do.' Dundee are without a win in three matches themselves, following up their defeat to Ross County with 1-1 draws against Aberdeen and Inverness. Dundee Utd's Nadir Ciftci scores his side's equalising goal from the penalty spot against Ross County . Callum Morris celebrates his goal during the Scottish League Cup match against Aberdeen . That has left them in seventh place in the table on 41 points, five behind fourth-placed United and two adrift of Hamilton in sixth. Hartley said: 'We're trying to look at getting as many points before the split, try to get into that top six. 'We're not far off but we know we need to win some games. 'If we get a result in the derby, it takes us a couple of points behind United, yes. But the main thing for us is trying to catch our nearest opponent.' Dundee Utd's John Souttar battles for the ball with Liam Boyce during their game at Tannadice . Despite not having won since February, Hartley believes his players can still take confidence into Wednesday's match after taking points off top-three sides Aberdeen and Inverness. He said: 'We're on a pretty good run. 'Our results recently have been decent against some good teams in the league. So all credit to the lads for that. We want to keep that going and derby games are always special. If you win, it can give everyone a great lift. Dundee United's Cifti in action with Aberdeen's Peter Pawlett during the Scottish Communities League Cup . 'We know what's at stake and we want to finish the season as strongly as possible. 'Our punters will be really looking forward to it and we would love to give them the three points.' Dundee defender James McPake will be given until the last minute to prove his fitness ahead of the derby after being sent for a scan on his knee. Hartley said: 'He caught his knee in training on Thursday, did very little on Friday and felt OK throughout the Inverness game. He just landed awkwardly from a corner.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Dundee manager Paul Hartley refuses to believe that will make his side's job any easier.
Dundee United have lost seven of their last nine matches in all competitions.
Their last league victory was way back on January 24 against Motherwell.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 938, Total accepted tokens: 938, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Tomas Berdych set up a hotly-anticipated rematch with Andy Murray with a straight-sets win against Juan Monaco in the Miami Open quarter-finals on Wednesday. Eighth seed Berdych defeated Argentine Monaco 6-3, 6-4 to ensure a first meeting with Muray since their tense and at times acrimonious Australian Open semi-final which Murray won in four sets. Monaco, backed by a large Argentine support, put up a strong fight in the second set until Berdych broke for a 5-4 lead. Tomas Berdych hits a forehand on his way to a straight-sets victory in the Miami Open quarter-finals . Juan Monaco stretches to play the backhand in the last-eight clash in Miami on Wednesday . Berdych said: 'It was a very tough one, he played very fast and pushed me every ball. I am really happy I found a way through. On his fiery meeting with Murray in Australia, the Czech said: 'What’s positive for me is that I think [Murray] played a very good tournament [in Australia], very good tennis, and I managed to find a way to win a set. 'It’s definitely going to be my goal to stick to the game plan and execute it.' Berdych is coached by Murray's former assistant Dani Vallverdu and has recently started working with the Brit's former fitness trainer Jez Green. Berdych approaches the net to play the volley as the Czech sets up a rematch with Andy Murray .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tomas Berdych sets up a hotly-anticipated rematch with Andy Murray with a straight-sets win against Juan Monaco.
The Czech eighth seed defeated the Argentine 6-3, 6-4 to ensure a first meeting with Murray since their tense and at times acrimonious Australian Open semi-final.
The Czech said: 'It was a very tough one, he played very fast and pushed me every ball'
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 939, Total accepted tokens: 939, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: World No 2 Roger Federer has been some enjoying some downtime in the snow and posted a picture of himself posing with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account. The 33-year-old provided the snap with a witty caption - 'tennice' - and was wearing the scarf of FC Basel, the football team he supports. Federer decided to skip the invariably warmer climates of the Miami Open this year as a matter of 'physical preservation' his agent Tony Godsick revealed. World No 2 Roger Federer poses with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account . Godsick told the Miami Herald, 'It's unfortunate because Roger loves Miami and has had success there, but he turns 34 this year and he just can't play every tournament . 'He has to play a schedule that works for him physically, that makes sense with his family, so he had to change it up.' Federer won the Key Biscayne event in 2005 and 2006, but skipped it in 2013 also to lighten his workload. Federer opted not to appear at the Miami Open this year as the 33-year-old aims to maintain his fitness . Federer plays a shot during the final of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells against Novak Djokovic .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: World No 2 Roger Federer poses with a snowball and his racket on his official Twitter account.
Federer decided to skip the invariably warmer climates of the Miami Open this year.
Federer won the Key Biscayne event in 2005 and 2006, but skipped it in 2013 also to lighten his workload.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 940, Total accepted tokens: 940, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Exeter swept aside Newcastle 48-13 to set up a semi-final showdown with Gloucester in the inaugural European Challenge Cup. The Chiefs outscored their opponents six tries to one at Sandy Park, with a David Ewers score and a penalty try helping the home side into a 17-6 half-time lead. Exeter then added further tries through Thomas Waldrom, Byron McGuigan, Sam Hill and Dean Mumm after the break, with outclassed Newcastle only able to respond with a 68th-minute effort from Chris Harris and eight points from the boot of Tom Catterick. Carl Rimmer of Exeter Chiefs is tackled by Newcastle Falcons' Dom Barrow during match at Sandy Park . Exeter's Thomas Waldrom stretches over for a try during the European Rugby Challenge Cup match . The victory means Exeter will take on Gloucester at Kingsholm in two weeks' time for a place in the final against either Newport Gwent Dragons or the winner of Sunday's London Irish-Edinburgh encounter. The hosts made a number of changes from the side that lost 25-18 at Leicester in the Premiership last weekend with McGuigan, Ben Moon, Tomas Francis and Tom James being drafted in. The Chiefs were also forced into a late change with Damian Welch pulling-up in the warm-up so Ben White was promoted from the bench to play in the back row, skipper Mumm moved into the second row and Sam Skinner added to the replacements. Newcastle, who lost 46-17 to Exeter in the Premiership last month, started with two changes in the backs from the side that narrowly lost at London Irish with Juan Pablo Socino in the centre and Harris on the right wing. Both defences were tested in the opening 10 minutes but it was Exeter who made the first breakthrough just before the quarter-hour. Dave Ewers of Exeter Chiefs (centre) makes a break during his side's 48-13 victory against the Falcons . After the Falcons were forced to touch down over their own line, Exeter broke off the back of the five-metre scrum and Ewers barged over the line. Slade added the extras from out wide on the right and the Chiefs were under way. Exeter increased their advantage midway through the half when wing Matt Jess, who was on course to score from a loose ball, was pulled back twice off the ball by full-back Alex Tait. Referee Marius Mitrea had no hesitation in awarding a penalty try - which Slade converted - and Tait went to the sin-bin. Newcastle kept the Chiefs at bay while they were a man down and when they were back to full strength the visitors were awarded a penalty 12 metres out in front of the posts, which fly-half Catterick slotted over to get his side off the mark. Slade and Catterick then swapped penalties to leave Exeter with an 11-point lead at the interval. Dan Temm of Newcastle Falcons tackles Thomas Waldrom during the quarter-final encounter . That soon became 18 points as just 45 seconds after the restart Ewers broke from inside his own half, shrugged off a couple of half tackles, before offloading to number eight Waldrom to stretch for the line. Slade converted and, 12 minutes later, added his second penalty from 30 metres out to make it 27-6. The Chiefs' fourth try came just before the hour-mark when Will Chudley chipped over the head of the defence and into the arms of McGuigan to go over, with Slade again adding the conversion. The Falcons may have looked down and out but Harris rounded a couple of forwards to score a breakaway try under the posts with Catterick converting to cut the deficit to 34-13. However, the Chiefs replied immediately through Hill to help restore their advantage and then Hill turned provider for Mumm to score the Chiefs' sixth and final try, with replacement fly-half Gareth Steenson converting both to cap a one-sided triumph.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Exeter Chiefs beat Newcastle Falcons 48-13 in the inaugural European Challenge Cup.
The Chiefs set up a semi-final with Gloucester in two weeks' time.
The Chiefs made a number of changes from the side that lost 25-18 at Leicester last week.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 941, Total accepted tokens: 941, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: There was no special treatment for Lewis Ferguson at Paul Nicholls’ yard on Thursday morning. The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual, just a cut on the nose to show for the fall which has made him an internet sensation. Ferguson, whose double somersault horror fall from the favourite Merrion Square in the 4.20pm at Wincanton on Wednesday has been watched hundreds of thousands of times online. But he was back riding out and said he was undeterred from getting back in the sadal. ‘It was just a blur,’ he said, ‘I couldn’t work out what had happened until I got back to the weighing room and watched the replay. All the other jockeys asked me if I was alright and stuff, they all watched with me and looked away in horror. It’s about the most impressive fall I’ve seen. Jockey Lewis Ferguson, 18, who survived a spectacular fall from Merrion Square shows off the cut on his nose . Ferguson, whose double somersault horror fall has been watched by hundreds of thousands online . The 18-year-old was mucking out the stables as usual at Paul Nicholls’ yard on Thursday morning . ‘There was nothing I could do to avoid it, you just have to let it take it’s course and hope it’s not a bad one. I’ve just got a cut on the nose so I’ve been very lucky. I got a bit of abuse from the lads and picked up a few hundred twitter followers but it’s all good banter. It won’t stop me getting back on a course. There’s been no special treatment. ‘My parents who live in the Scottish Borders were worried so I gave them a call so they knew I was ok. It’s not going to put me off riding at all I’d like to ride at the Cheltenham Festival and Aintree every year, that’s the ultimate aim. Bit disappointing because he was in front and maybe could have won. Jockey Ferguson hits the fence after his ride stumbles wildly on the approach to the fence at Wincanton . Colliding with the barrier forces the amateur jockey into a spectacular mid-air somersault . Wincanton clerk of the course Barry Johnson called it the worst fall he had ever seen. It was only Ferguson’s fifth race and the first time he had fallen although he has fallen a few times riding out. ‘Hopefully the next time I’m on the front page of the newspaper it will be for winning the Gold Cup or the Grand National. I gave the horse a little pat after, not a big one. Given the somersaults, maybe I’ll look at having a gymnastics career after finishing racing.’ Merrion Square was a hotly-tipped favourite to win the 4.20 at Wincanton on Wednesday until the fall . Ferguson escaped the fall and the only real pain was the cut on his nose and the banter from his friends .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Lewis Ferguson, 18, was mucking out the stables at Paul Nicholls' yard on Thursday.
Ferguson, who fell from the favourite Merrion Square in the 4.20pm at Wincanton on Wednesday.
Ferguson said he was undeterred from getting back in the saddle.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 942, Total accepted tokens: 942, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: An Australian goanna has been filmed swallowing a whole rabbit in under one minute. The footage shows the two-metre long reptile managing to balance at the top of the pole while swallowing its prey. The lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow its catch, before managing to finish the feat in under a minute. Scroll down for video . The grisly footage shows the ravenous reptile battling to swallow its ill-fated prey . The video begins by closing in on the top of a towering power pole, where the goanna is perched with the rabbit . Prominent in Aboriginal mythology, goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to eat over-sized prey. They are  not picky with their choice of food either, consuming anything from insects to birds and eggs through to large mammals like possums and cats. They even eat dead and rotten animals, and are attracted to the smell of rotten meat. The video, uploaded to YouTube last week, begins with the message: ‘Goanna swallows rabbit, some people may find this video a bit disturbing, but it’s only nature.’ Goannas, which come from the monitor lizard family, are found throughout most of Australia, but it’s unknown where the clip was filmed. The lizard swings its neck back and forth as it battles to swallow the catch, before managing to finish the feat in under a minute . Goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to dispose of some staggering sized prey including the likes of possums and cats . As oppurtunistic feeders, gonannas will eat anything from insects, birds and eggs to mammals like possums and cats .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Australian goanna swallows whole rabbit in under one minute.
Goannas can unhinge their lower jaws when feeding, allowing them to eat over-sized prey.
Goannas are found throughout most of Australia.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 943, Total accepted tokens: 943, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’ in financial documents seen by The Mail on Sunday that show his club’s wage bill soared by another £1million last season alone — even as they remain the subject of a salary cap investigation. A fortnight after the shock departure of chief executive Edward Griffiths and three months since the revelation that the north London club are being investigated by Premier Rugby for alleged salary cap breaches, The Mail on Sunday can reveal Saracens’ mounting debt has topped £40m — the most in rugby history. The rising costs facing the club are also a concern, with the wage bill leaping more than 50 per cent in three years. Saracens now owe £41.6m, according to new filings at Companies House, much of it funded by an unsecured loan from long-standing benefactor Wray and a consortium of South African business associates. Saracens chairman Nigel Wray has dismissed rugby’s salary caps rules as ‘a farce’ The employee wage bill ballooned to £9.1m last year and, with Wray admitting further losses lie ahead, there are growing concerns about the club’s financial health. A move by Saracens last December to scrap the salary cap — which is currently £5m but was £4.5m in the period covered by the new figures — drew no public support from other Premiership clubs. With discussions ongoing over the viability of ring-fencing the top flight, or at least restricting promotion and relegation, Wray has restated that the salary cap must be scrapped. ‘We need to change the farce whereby we are all operating under different rules,’ wrote Wray in a chairman’s statement in the club’s annual accounts seen by The Mail on Sunday. ‘We have one wage cap, the Irish provinces have no wage cap, the French clubs a wage cap twice ours, all of which makes no sense whatsoever. It needs to be changed. ‘In financial terms, it was another difficult year [2013-14]. Having been involved in professional rugby now for 20 years, I’m constantly amazed how hard it is to break into people’s culture. Documents show his club’s wage bill soared by another £1million last season alone despite investigation . ‘The big cities have that soccer culture but built over 100 years. Allianz Park [the purchase of] is a vast step forward and gives us a permanent home but we still have much to do. We could, of course, cut costs very considerably — for example a top French club has a medical staff of three, far smaller than ours. But we really don’t see how you can aspire to be one of the best club sides in Europe if you don’t have a fantastic support system for the players.’ The club have lost on average just over £5m per year over the past four years, more than doubling its debt burden in that period. Annual accounts for 2013-14 show the club’s parent company carry no legal obligation to service the debt, meaning they could technically walk away at any time and leave the club insolvent. Of most interest to their Premiership rivals will be the dramatic hike in salaries paid to employees, which rose from just over £8.1m to more than £9.1m last year . The Mail on Sunday can reveal Saracens’ mounting debt has topped £40m — the most in rugby history . The club took on 24 new staff in that time, nine of them players and coaches, but with the salary cap set at just £4.5m last season — not allowing for one ‘marquee player’ who theoretically could earn an unlimited salary but in reality will not get more than £500,000 — questions persist over the club’s salary structure. Even allowing for the unlikely scenario of a £1m budget for coaching staff, that would leave more than £3m in staff costs for 54 administrative staff — an average salary of more than £55,000. A Premier Rugby spokesman said: ‘Saracens have recently moved into a new purpose-built stadium, Allianz Park — which is a huge asset to the local community — with a number of new staff added. ‘The club are in an investment phase and, given the strength of the shareholding base, this is something they can manage.’<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Saracens chairman Nigel Wray dismisses rugby salary caps rules as 'a farce'
The club's wage bill leapt more than 50 per cent in three years.
The club now owe £41.6m, according to new filings at Companies House.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 944, Total accepted tokens: 944, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Liam Plunkett has set his sights on the West Indies batting line-up and is ready to 'rough them up' with pace. The 29-year-old England seamer is back in Test contention in the Caribbean after his comeback last summer was cut short by injury. He managed 18 wickets in four Tests prior to that, playing a big part for an England side often criticised for going easy on the speed gun. Liam Plunkett wants to use his pace to lead England to victory in the Test series against West Indies . Plunkett returned to the England fold last summer in Test series against Sri Lanka and India . Plunkett has recovered from a minor ankle complaint in Yorkshire's pre-season trip to Abu Dhabi . A minor ankle complaint during Yorkshire's pre-season trip to Abu Dhabi proved to be nothing more than a brief setback and he is now looking to make a name for himself in a part of the world that is famous for its quick men. 'I'm trying to be the fastest (bowler on the pitch). I train hard at it and I feel that's why I stand out from the rest,' he said ahead of Monday's two-day warm-up against a St Kitts & Nevis Invitation XI. 'I feel like I'm adaptable but you might need those little patches in the game - where it's a bit dead and there's good batters - to try and rough them up a bit. 'That's why I'm in the team, because I do bowl fast. 'I'm not a bowler who runs up and just hits line and length all day, I want to do something, I want to ruffle batsmen up. If that's what I'm asked to do, I'm happy to do that.' With James Anderson and Stuart Broad likely to retain new ball duties for the first Test in Antigua on April 13, Plunkett is fighting for a place with Barbados-born Chris Jordan and the uncapped Mark Wood. There is a case to be made for both his rivals, Jordan being more familiar with conditions in his homeland and Wood an unknown quantity to the opposition, but Plunkett relishes the scrap. 'It's a good unit, a good bunch of lads and we're all working hard. There's massive competition,' he said. 'It's up to me to bowl well in practice and in the warm-up games and get the chance to play in the first Test. 'You don't want to just get in easily. You want to feel like you've earned your place and outbowled the other guys. You want to be the best bowler. 'Last summer I felt the best I had in my career, I felt good with the ball, I felt confident. Plunkett is fighting for a start in the England Test side with Chris Jordan and Mark Wood . Plunkett (second left) could feature in a warm-up game for England that begins on Monday . 'I felt I was in a situation where I could win games for England. It didn't quite happen but I bowled nicely. 'Then I got the injury, went away this winter with the Lions and I feel good again. I got some wickets and some good rhythm so it would be good to play that first Test.' England plan to play a standard XI man fixture on Monday, with their selection likely to provide a clear insight into their preferred Test side.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England seamer Liam Plunkett is ready to 'rough up' West Indies batting line-up.
The 29-year-old England bowler is back in Test contention in the Caribbean after his comeback.
England plan to play a standard XI man fixture on Monday.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 945, Total accepted tokens: 945, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Martin Guptill has been recalled to the New Zealand Test squad for their upcoming two-match series against England next month. Guptill, who smashed 237 against the West Indies in the recent World Cup has not represented the Black Caps at Test level since the 2013 tour of England. Paceman Matt Henry who played against South Africa in the semis and in a losing team against Australia in the final, has been called up to the Test squad for the first time. The 23-year-old has only played 20 first class matches. Martin Guptill has been recalled to New Zealand Test squad for their two-match series with England . Guptill of New Zealand pulls the ball away for six runs during the 2015 ICC Cricket World Cup match . 'This is a stable, established Test side but there will be opportunities for contenders,' coach and selector Mike Hesson told the New Zealand Cricket website. New Zealand Test Squad: McCullum (captain), Anderson, Boult, Bracewell, Craig, Guptill, Henry, Latham, Ronchi, Rutherford, Southee, Taylor, Wagner, Watling, Williamson. One day international and T20 squad: B McCullum (captain), Anderson, Boult, Elliott, Guptill, Henry, Latham, McClenaghan, N McCullum, Milne, Ronchi, Santner, Southee, Taylor, Williamson. 'Martin's a classically-styled batsman and there's really no reason why he can't be as influential in the longer game as he is in the short. 'It's another step up for Matt but we've been impressed by the maturity and skill-set he's already shown in the ODI format.' James Neesham will miss the tour because of a hamstring injury while New Zealand will also be without Daniel Vettori after he retired following New Zealand's seven wicket loss to Australia. Mitchell Santner is the only uncapped player in the one day international and T20 squads. 'Mitchell brings to the table some all-round cover,' said Hesson whose side will play five 50 over games and one T20 match against England. 'We're hoping he can take his opportunities and continue the excellent progress he's been making over recent seasons.' New Zealand will also be without Daniel Vettori after he retired following their seven wicket loss to Australia .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Martin Guptill recalled to New Zealand Test squad for upcoming series against England.
Guptill has not played for New Zealand at Test level since the 2013 tour of England.
Paceman Matt Henry has been called up to the Test squad for the first time.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 946, Total accepted tokens: 946, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: England have barely been in St Kitts a day but the early indications are they are ready to give Jonathan Trott the chance to reinvent himself as an international opener. Trott, England’s rock at No 3 for four years before his early return home from the 2013-14 Ashes series in Australia with a stress-related condition, was picked for this three-Test tour of the Caribbean after fighting his way back into contention. All the talk before the team’s departure may have been about Kevin Pietersen but the real focus of this tour is likely to fall on another South African-born batsman in Trott. Jonathan Trott during a nets session as he returned to the international scene and could be ready to play . The 33-year-old has been impressive in not only addressing the personal demons which led to his departure from Brisbane but also scoring the weight of runs needed to demand a recall. Alastair Cook knows the value an in-form Trott would bring to his side’s chances of recording a series win in the Caribbean that is vital not only for his own future as Test captain but that of coach Peter Moores, whose job security is at perilous levels. Cook admits England will not be totally sure if Trott can handle the mental demands of international cricket until he is pitched into the heat of battle again.But he is likely to be given the chance to re-establish himself in the team, this time as Cook’s opening partner, during the two warm-up matches against a St Kitts & Nevis Invitation XI this week. Test captain Alastair Cook feels the batsman is ready for international cricket return . Trott (left) and Cook train together during a batting session at Warner Park, Basseterre, St Kitts & Nevis . The first of those two-day encounters starts here tomorrow and if Trott can show the same form he displayed during the England Lions tour of South Africa earlier this year then he looks certain to see off the challenge of Yorkshire opener Adam Lyth and make his 50th Test appearance in Antigua a week tomorrow. ‘I am confident he can handle it,’ Cook said. ‘You don’t know 100 per cent until he’s put out in the environment. There are a lot of things about selection that are unknown until you’re put into the pressure cooker of international cricket and make no mistake, it’s a high-intensity environment. ‘But what we do know is he’s a quality player.’ The Warwickshire batsman has been in fine form for them and rightly deserved his call-up . Trott looks for a single during a training session at Warner Park, Basseterre, St Kitts & Nevis .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England have picked Jonathan Trott for three-Test tour of St Kitts.
Trott has been picked after fighting his way back into contention.
England coach Alastair Cook says Trott is ready to play for England.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 947, Total accepted tokens: 947, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: England Test captain Alastair Cook feared Jonathan Trott's international career was over 18 months ago, but feels he is now ready to face the 'pressure cooker' once again. Trott dramatically left the 2013/14 Ashes trip after just one match at the Gabba having struggled with what was initially labelled a 'stress-related condition' and later diagnosed as situational anxiety. Cook was concerned that would be the end of his Three Lions days but has watched the 33-year-old rebuild his career with typical focus and determination, first with Warwickshire then during a productive winter tour with England Lions. Jonathan Trott during a nets session as he returned to the international scene and could be ready to play . The pair are now heavy favourites to open the batting together in West Indies this month and should get a first chance against a St Kitts & Nevis Invitation XI on Monday. Uncapped Yorkshireman Adam Lyth is the other top-order batsman on tour but Trott appears to have first claim after batting alongside the skipper in Saturday's centre-wicket practice session at Warner Park. 'He was in a bad place in Brisbane and at the time I would have been surprised that he'd come back, but it's a huge credit to the work he's done off the field and the effort he's put in,' said Cook. 'That obviously shows his desire to come back to play for England. Test captain Alastair Cook feels the batsman is ready for the 'pressure cooker' of international cricket . 'He has almost demanded selection with the runs he has scored for Warwickshire and it's great for me to see him back in an England shirt. He's a great guy and if he gets his chance he'll be desperate to do well.' Cook accepted there was no guarantee over how Trott would react to the glare of the international game, which remains several notches beyond anything he will have experienced on the county or Lions circuit. But with a CV boasting 49 Tests, 3,763 runs and nine centuries, Cook is delighted to have him back on board and nudging the selectors for a recall. 'I am (confident), but you don't know 100 per cent until he's put out in the environment - that is always unknown,' he said. Trott (left) and Cook train together during a batting session at Warner Park, Basseterre, St Kitts & Nevis . 'There's a lot of things about selection that are unknown until you're put into the pressure cooker of international cricket and, make no mistake, it's a high-intensity environment, there's no doubt about that. 'But Trotty's done everything we've asked of him. He feels confident in himself and he's just looking forward to taking that next step. 'What we do know is he's a quality player. You don't have his stats and that weight of runs behind you without being a quality player.' For his own part, Cook is in need of a successful series both as captain and run-scorer. The last of his 25 Test centuries came in May 2013 and he was stripped of the one-day captaincy on the eve of the World Cup, though in hindsight his absence from the tournament may have been a blessing given England's travails. The Warwickshire batsman has been in fine form for them and rightly deserved his call-up . Now, rested and recharged following his enforced spell at home, he is setting his sights on nothing short of victory in the three-Test series. 'It's been great to spend a bit of time at home, live a bit more of a normal life away from the travelling circuit of cricket,' he said. 'That's been great, at home with my family, but now it's the serious business of trying to win the series here. 'It's always important we win. When you play for England you carry the hopes and the pride of the nation on your shoulders. 'That hasn't changed since the day I started playing.' Trott looks for a single during a training session at Warner Park, Basseterre, St Kitts & Nevis .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England captain Alastair Cook says Jonathan Trott is ready to return to international cricket.
Trott dramatically left the 2013/14 Ashes trip after just one match at the Gabba.
The pair are now heavy favourites to open the batting together in West Indies this month.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 948, Total accepted tokens: 948, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Four years after becoming the youngest first-class cricketer in county history, Yorkshire's Barney Gibson has retired from the sport. The Leeds-born wicketkeeper entered the record books in 2011 when he lined up against Durham University just 27 days after his 15th birthday. But that match proved to be his only appearance at senior level and he never again progressed from the second XI. Ben Gibson, pictured at the age of 15, has decided to retire from cricket just four years after his debut . The 19-year-old said it was a 'difficult decision' to retire from cricket at such a young age . In his last game for the second string he did not bat or keep wicket, instead sending down 3.3 overs for 29 runs. 'This was a difficult decision to make,' the 19-year-old said. 'I would like to thank the players and staff at Yorkshire for their support. I have been involved with the club since I was 11 and I feel that now is the right time for me to look at a career change. 'The support from my parents has been tremendous and I would like to thank Ralph Middlebrook at Pudsey Congs Cricket Club and England coach Paul Farbrace, who I had close working relationships with.' Yorkshire's director of cricket development Ian Dews, said: 'Everyone at the club wishes Barney well. 'It is very much his decision. We hope that the next chapter in his life is very successful.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Yorkshire's Barney Gibson has decided to retire from cricket at 19.
The 19-year-old has been the youngest first-class cricketer in county history.
Gibson made his debut for Yorkshire's second XI in 2011 at the age of 15.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 949, Total accepted tokens: 949, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The world endurance championship, whose annual highlight is the Le Mans 24 Hours sportscar classic, is getting rid of the grid girls. In a move that will be applauded by many, and is sure to dismay those accustomed to seeing scantily-clad beauties posing next to cars before a race, the FIA-backed series is adopting a more progressive stance. 'From Silverstone next week, you will see that for any race we will do - no grid girls like in the past,' WEC chief executive Gerard Neveu said after a presentation on Thursday for the opening Silverstone six-hour race. The world endurance championship have announced that there will be no more 'grid girls' before races . The decision by the FIA is seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport . 'For me that is the past. The condition of women is a little bit different now,' he said. The use of models, also referred to as 'race queens' or 'umbrella girls', to stand by cars with flags or placards displaying drivers' numbers has long been a feature of Formula One. It has also been a bone of contention for those seeking more equality and less sexism in a male-dominated sport, although in some series where women racers have joined the grid the 'umbrella' role has been taken by a man. The Hawiian Tropic Girls arrive on the grid before the start of the Le Mans 24 Hour Race in 2001 . Toyota's world champion Anthony Davidson said it was about time things changed. 'I talk about this with my wife quite a lot, and we both agree it's actually pretty backward,' the Briton, who has also raced in Formula One, said. 'It's old school to have such a concept as grid girls. Surely the world's moved on? And motor racing should follow quite closely what the rest of the world's doing in that respect. 'I think that's a really nice touch, a modern touch as well, from the WEC to take that aspect of racing away. It is a bit sexist.' Neveu said the cars would line up diagonally opposite the pit wall and grandstand as if for an old-style 'Le Mans start'. Current world champion Anthony Davidson has backed the decision to remove grid girls for equality . In Le Mans of old, before safety concerns stopped the practice, drivers would run across the track to the cars but at Silverstone there will be a rolling start. Neveu said the changes were all part of catering for a new audience. 'The sport is sport, but around it we can do many things,' he said. 'We will have a DJ, entertainment, many things on the grid. The show will start from the grid... but the star at the end is the sportscars and the drivers of the car.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: World endurance championship announces no more 'grid girls' before races.
FIA-backed series is adopting a more progressive stance.
Decision seen as a progressive one by those in a male-dominated sport.
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 950, Total accepted tokens: 950, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The renowned sports psychiatrist Dr Steve Peters claims he did little more than give Jonathan Trott the tools to rebuild his England career. Warwickshire batsman Trott touched down in the West Indies with England on Thursday night, back in the international set-up for the first time since leaving last winter's Ashes tour with a stress-related illness. Trott has spoken openly of his struggles since, but has slowly rehabilitated his career with both Warwickshire and the England Lions and is now on the brink of returning to Tests. Jonathan Trott returns to the England set-up for the first time since taking a break with a stress-related illness . The 33-year-old has worked extensively with Dr Peters during the last year, learning from a man who has done notable work with the British cycling team, Liverpool FC and Ronnie O'Sullivan, and who introduced the 'Chimp Paradox' in a bid to help people better manage their own minds. But speaking in The Independent, Peters said there is no magic cure and that Trott had worked hard to counter his problems, which he described as 'situational anxiety'. He wrote: 'He ticked all the boxes. It was a foregone conclusion to me that he would make massive progress - I just hoped that he would then perform as he has been doing and justify his place. Now he has done that. Dr Steve Peters worked with the batsman and gave him the necessary tools to return to the game . 'He's an incredible cricketer. The advice I give to most of the people I work with is not to go public because obviously you're training people to do a skill. A lot of people don't understand it is a skill and therefore you might not get it right. 'People are expecting a magic-wand cure and that's not really the way it works. Jonathan decided he wanted to go public about this because he has done so well. 'It's a credit to the man. You can have periods in sport, sometimes a whole season, when things just aren't happening and you're just digging even harder to make it happen again - that's effectively what Jonathan has done. Trott has impressed since returning for Warwickshire and the England Lions, earning his return to the squad . 'From a psychological point of view, Jonathan is quite robust and certainly determined. It was just a case of giving him the tools to understand what was going on.' Peters, who helped mentor the golden generation of British cyclists and also worked with O'Sullivan for his last two world titles, can see no reason why Trott will not make a successful return to Test cricket. 'What Jonathan did was to take it very seriously, he meant business, which is a measure of the man,' he added. Peters (left) has worked with Liverpool, Ronnie O'Sullivan and the England football team in recent years . 'He was very open, hard-working, and what I effectively told him to do was to get some insights into the way his mind was working. Then it was up to him to operate [his mind] in the way he wanted it to, rather than it dictating to him what was going happen. 'I don't have a recipe for people. It's up to the player himself to manage the mind in the way they want to in the future. That's something anyone can do, it's not something you only do when you're distressed. Jonathan had what became a situational anxiety, and once that was understood, he was able to manage it. 'My feeling is that he'll do very well and he won't have any problems now because he has that insight.' Trott reacts while bowling during a friendly match at Edgbaston, Birmingham during his comeback .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Dr Steve Peters says he did little more than give Jonathan Trott the tools to rebuild his England career.
Trott has worked extensively with Peters during the last year, learning from a man who has done notable work with the British cycling team.
Peters says Trott has worked hard to counter his problems, which he describes as 'situational anxiety'
Thput (tok/s): 33.97 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 951, Total accepted tokens: 951, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Surrey have signed Australia all-rounder Moises Henriques for this summer's NatWest T20 Blast. Henriques will join Surrey immediately after the Indian Premier League season concludes at the end of next month and will be with them throughout their Blast campaign and also as overseas cover for Kumar Sangakkara - depending on the veteran Sri Lanka batsman's Test commitments in the second half of the summer. Australian all-rounder Moises Henriques has signed a deal to play in the T20 Blast for Surrey . Henriques, pictured in the Big Bash (left) and in ODI action for Australia (right), will join after the IPL . Twenty-eight-year-old Henriques, capped by his country in all formats but not selected for the forthcoming Ashes, said: 'I'm really looking forward to playing for Surrey this season. It's a club with a proud history and an exciting squad, and I hope to play my part in achieving success this summer. 'I've seen some of the names that are coming to England to be involved in the NatWest T20 Blast this summer, so am looking forward to testing myself against some of the best players in the world.' Surrey director of cricket Alec Stewart added: 'Moises is a fine all-round cricketer and will add great depth to our squad.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Australia all-rounder Moises Henriques signs a deal to play for Surrey.
Henriques will join Surrey after the IPL season concludes at the end of next month.
The 28-year-old will be with Surrey throughout their Blast campaign.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 952, Total accepted tokens: 952, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Louis Smith will represent Great Britain for the first time since his double Olympic medal-winning performance at London 2012 after being named in the squad for the European Championships. Smith, who won pommel horse silver and team bronze at the London Games before pursuing a media career, competed for England at last year's Commonwealth Games and has been selected after winning gold on the pommels at the recent British Championships. World all-around silver medallist and reigning pommel horse champion Max Whitlock and Olympic team-mates Kristian Thomas, Sam Oldham and Daniel Purvis are also selected, with Courtney Tulloch finishing off the six-man squad. Louis Smith will represent Great Britain for first time since winning two medals at London 2012 . British gymnast Smith won a silver and bronze medal during the 2012 Olympic Games in London . Four-time Commonwealth Games champion Claudia Fragapane is in the women's team, which also includes the experienced Becky Downie and her younger sister Ellie and 2015 British all-around champion Amy Tinkler. The European championships take place in Montpellier between April 15 and 19 and will only feature individual all-around and apparatus events. Smith is currently dating former The Only Way is Essex star Lucy Mecklenburgh .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Louis Smith named in squad for European Championships.
Smith won silver and bronze at London Olympics.
Smith is currently dating former The Only Way is Essex star Lucy Mecklenburgh.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 953, Total accepted tokens: 953, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: John Higgins narrowly defeated Judd Trump 5-4 to move into the quarter-finals of the China Open, where he will face home favourite and defending champion Ding Junhui. The veteran Scot recovered from losing the opening frame to move 4-2 ahead, but both players were struggling for rhythm in Beijing. Trump narrowed the gap and a break of 68 helped the UK Championship finalist take the match to a decider, where Higgins prevailed, after overturning a 59-point deficit. John Higgins moved into the quarter finals of the China Open with a 5-4 victory over Judd Trump . Trump had a 59 point lead in the deciding frame before being dumped out by the veteran Scotsman . His reward will be a clash with world No 4 Ding, who dispatched two-time world champion Mark Williams 5-2. The Chinese took the initiative in the opening frame with a 68 and from then on never looked back, winning the last two frames with Williams failing to pot a single ball. World champion Mark Selby was also a 5-2 winner over David Gilbert in a low-quality clash and the world No 1 will next face Robert Milkins, who thrashed Michael White 5-1, which included four breaks over 50. Masters champion Shaun Murphy was in fine form against Jamie Jones, whose late rally counted for nothing in a 5-3 defeat. Higgins will face defending champion and local favourite Ding Junhui in the last eight in Beijing . World No 1 Mark Selby moved into the quarter finals with a routine win over David Gilbert . After losing the opening frame, Murphy bounced backs and breaks of 67, 143 and 80 helped him move 4-1 ahead, and although Jones came within one frame of levelling, the world number eight prevailed. Murphy will play Kurt Maflin in the last eight after the English-Norwegian player cruised to a 5-1 victory over Robin Hull. Breaks of 76, 87, 51 and 79 helped Barry Hawkins to a 5-3 triumph over Stephen Maguire and a clash with Gary Wilson, a convincing 5-1 winner over Dechawat Poomjaeng.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: John Higgins moves into the China Open quarter finals with a 5-4 victory over Judd Trump.
The veteran Scotsman recovers from losing the opening frame to move 4-2 ahead.
Higgins will face home favourite and defending champion Ding Junhui in the last eight.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 954, Total accepted tokens: 954, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for West Brom's home clash with QPR... West Bromwich Albion vs Queens Park Rangers (The Hawthorns) Team news . West Brom . West Brom's Craig Dawson is suspended for the visit of QPR after he was awarded the red card wrongly given to Gareth McAuley against Manchester City. Defender McAuley was dismissed by referee Neil Swarbrick for a foul on Wilfried Bony which Dawson committed and the red card was switched to Dawson after a review. Craig Dawson (right) will serve a suspension for his challenge on Wilfried Bony following retrospective action . Ben Foster has been ruled out for six months with damaged crucial knee ligaments which the England keeper suffered in the Baggies' last home game against Stoke while Callum McManaman is also out with a foot injury. Provisional squad: Myhill, Rose, Gamboa, Pocognoli, Wisdom, Lescott, Olsson, McAuley, Baird, Brunt, Morrison, Fletcher, Yacob, Gardner, Mulumbu, Sessegnon, Berahino, Anichebe, Ideye. QPR . QPR manager Chris Ramsey has no fresh injury concerns for Saturday's visit to fellow Barclays Premier League strugglers West Brom. On-loan striker Mauro Zarate has returned to parent club West Ham to regain fitness while Richard Dunne and Leroy Fer are both out with knee injuries. Queens Park Rangers youngster Darnell Furlong is likely to miss out with a calf injury . Darnell Furlong is also likely to miss the game with a calf problem and Alejandro Faurlin is a long-term absentee with a cruciate ligament injury. Provisional squad: Green, Caulker, Onuoha, Yun, Wright-Phillips, Henry, Sandro, Phillips, Taarabt, Austin, Hill, McCarthy, Kranjcar, Hoilett, Vargas, Zamora, Grego-Cox. Kick-off: Saturday, 3pm . Odds (subject to change): . West Brom 8/11 . Draw 23/10 . QPR 9/2 . Referee: Lee Probert . Managers: Tony Pulis (West Brom), Chris Ramsey (QPR) Head-to-head league record: West Brom wins 16, draws 9, QPR wins 12 . Key match stats (supplied by Opta) West Brom have kept six clean sheets in seven games in all competitions at the Hawthorns under Tony Pulis. Queens Park Rangers have lost 17 of their last 19 Premier League away matches (W1 D1 L17). Only two teams in Premier League history have ever had fewer points away from home after 14 away matches than QPR (3) have currently (Sunderland 2 in 2007-08 and Burnley 1 in 2009-10). The Baggies have won three and lost just one of the five Premier League meetings with Rangers. QPR have conceded the first goal in 23 of their 30 Premier League games this season; more often than any other team. Charlie Austin scored a hat-trick for QPR in a 3-2 win over West Brom earlier this season at Loftus Road . Rob Green has made more errors leading to opposition goals than any other Premier League player this season (5). Joleon Lescott has given away three penalties in the Premier League this season; more than any other player. 15 of Saido Berahino’s 18 competitive goals for WBA this season have come at the Hawthorns (83 per cent). Harry Kane (19) is the only English player to have scored more Premier League goals this season than Charlie Austin (15) and Saido Berahino (12). Since Chris Ramsey took the reins at QPR, they have found the net in six of their seven Premier League games.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: West Bromwich Albion and Queens Park Rangers clash at the Hawthorns.
West Brom's Craig Dawson suspended for the visit of QPR after he was awarded the red card wrongly given to Gareth McAuley against Manchester City.
QPR manager Chris Ramsey has no fresh injury concerns for Saturday's visit to fellow Barclays Premier League strugglers West Brom.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 955, Total accepted tokens: 955, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Jonas Gutierrez was the surprise inclusion in the Newcastle side, coming in for his first start in 20 months. The Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month. But, in fairness to the 31-year-old, he was Newcastle’s best player - not that he had much competition. Jonas Gutierrez was not expected to start after twice surviving cancer, but was the visitors' best player . Gutierrez gets up to challenge Steven Fletcher during a good performance, but one that ended in defeat . History was on Dick Advocaat’s side. The last two Sunderland managers – Paolo Di Canio and Gus Poyet – both enjoyed Tyne-Wear victories in their second match in charge and the Dutchamn kept alive that quirk of footballing fate. So whoever is the new boss at the Stadium of Light next season can only hope the Magpies are game No 2. Sunderland's new manager won a derby in his second game in charge, just like his two predecssors . Newcastle suffered an injury scare during the warm-up when emergency centre-back Daryl Janmaat limped off towards the dressing-room, although he did start the game. United, though, had no recognised defenders on the bench. However, rumours that coach Dave Watson was set to start in the middle of the backline were probably wide of the mark. Daryl Janmaat's warm-up injury led to rumours of Dave Watson filling in, but the Dutchman recovered . John Carver hardly helped in sparing Jack Colback the gauntlet of hate from the home fans. The head coach started the former Sunderland midfielder at left-back, ensuring every time he took a throw-in supporters in the front row would vacate their seat and hiss insults in his ear. At left-back on the opposite flank was Patrick van Aanholt, formerly of Newcastle. However, a barely-memorable seven appearances in the Championship meant he avoided such scorn from the Toon Army. Jack Colback was not protected from the Sunderland fans' ire, positioned by John Carver at left back . Colback was returning to face his former club after departing to join rivals Newcastle last summer . Both sets of supporters were united in the 17th minute as they applauded as one in tribute of Newcastle fans John Alder and Liam Sweeney who were killed when flight MH17 was shot down above Ukraine last summer. Sunderland fans subsequently helped to raise nearly £33,000 in their memory and rivalries were forgotten during the minute-long tribute.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Newcastle's Jonas Gutierrez was Newcastle's best player in the 1-0 win over Sunderland.
Gutierrez was the surprise inclusion in the Newcastle side, coming in for his first start in 20 months.
The Argentine has twice beaten testicular cancer and only returned as a substitute last month.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 956, Total accepted tokens: 956, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for Leicester's home clash with West Ham... Leicester City vs West Ham United (King Power Stadium) Team news . Leicester City . Matt Upson is out of Leicester's clash with West Ham as the rock-bottom Foxes continue their fight for survival. The defender limped off in their 4-3 defeat by Tottenham before the international break with an achilles problem and will not be risked. Jeff Schlupp (right) trains with Leicester team-mate Wes Morgan on Thursday but could be rested by the Foxes . Dean Hammond (calf) is out and Jeff Schlupp will be assessed after he played in Ghana's 1-1 draw with Mali on Tuesday with boss Nigel Pearson admitting the winger is tired, while Liam Moore has returned from a loan at Brentford. Provisional squad: Schmeichel, Schwarzer, Hamer, Simpson, Moore, Wasilewski, Morgan, Huth, De Laet, Konchesky, King, Knockaert, Albrighton, Schlupp, Cambiasso, James, Mahrez, Nugent, Kramaric, Vardy, Ulloa. West Ham United . West Ham will welcome Winston Reid back from injury for Saturday's Premier League trip to bottom side Leicester. The New Zealand defender has been struggling with a hamstring problem but worked on his fitness over the international break and is now in contention to face the Foxes. West Ham United's Winston Reid tackles Tottenham Hotspur's Mousa Dembele during a 2-2 Premier League clash at White Hart Lane in February . Hammers' boss Sam Allardyce believes the game will come too soon for Enner Valencia (toe) but the Ecuadorian is back in training whilst Andy Carroll (knee), James Tomkins (shoulder) and Doneil Henry (hamstring) all miss out. Provisional squad: Adrian, Jaaskelainen, Cresswell, Jenkinson, Reid, Collins, O'Brien, Noble, Poyet, Song, Amalfitano, Kouyate, Nolan, Downing, Jarvis, Nene, Sakho, Valencia, Cole. Kick-off: Saturday, 3pm . Odds (subject to change): . Leicester 7/5 . Draw 11/5 . West Ham 2/1 . Referee: Mark Clattenburg . Managers: Nigel Pearson (Leicester), Sam Allardyce (West Ham) Head-to-head league record: Leicester wins 39, draws 29, West Ham wins 51 . Key match stats (supplied by Opta) Leicester have won just one of their last 10 Premier League home matches (W1 D3 L6). West Ham United are unbeaten in their last seven league games against Leicester City (W4 D3 L0). The Hammers scored with their only two shots on target in their 2-0 win in the reverse fixture against the Foxes back in December. Sam Allardyce’s team have won none of their last seven Barclays Premier League away matches (W0 D4 L3). West Ham have kept just one clean sheet in their last 20 Premier League games on the road. Andy Carroll will not feature for West Ham United at Leicester City but he did score in the Hammers' 2-0 victory over the Foxes back in December . Nigel Pearson’s side have scored just three goals in their last nine Premier League games at the King Power Stadium and have gone five hours and 15 minutes since they lasted netted in front of their own fans. West Ham will be looking to win back to back Premier League games for the first time since December 7th. No ground has seen fewer Premier League goals this season than the King Power Stadium (30, level with Villa Park). After scoring five goals in his first five Premier League appearances for Leicester City, Leonardo Ulloa has scored only two in his 23 apps since. Diafra Sakho has scored a league-high five headed goals this season, while only Graziano Pellè (25) has attempted more headed shots than the Hammer (23).<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Leicester City and West Ham United clash in the Premier League on Saturday.
Leicester City's Matt Upson out of clash with West Ham as the rock-bottom Foxes fight for survival.
West Ham United's Winston Reid will return from injury for Saturday's Premier League trip to Leicester.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 957, Total accepted tokens: 957, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Kevin Pietersen has announced plans to begin his season with Surrey against Oxford MCCU in The Parks. Pietersen, hoping to press for an England recall through weight of runs in the LV= County Championship, signed a new contract with Surrey last month. The 34-year-old was given fresh hope of a return to Test cricket, after his sacking last year, when incoming England and Wales Cricket Board chairman Colin Graves hinted in a broadcast interview that it was a possibility. Kevin Pietersen posted this photo on Twitter and wrote 'Nothing good comes from walking at full pace into a tree! #faceplant' Pietersen is set to play against Oxford MCCU in The Parks as he prepares for the new season with Surrey . The record-breaking batsman is therefore expected to feature in his first championship match since 2013, against Glamorgan on April 19. But before then, he intends to turn out too against Oxford in a three-day match starting on April 12. Responding to a question on persicope.tv, Pietersen said: 'I think I am going to be playing at Oxford, just to get some overs in my legs.' Pietersen is returning to the Surrey team for his first Championship appearance since 2013 . Pietersen (right) in action for Surrey in a Natwest T20 Blast semi-final at Edgbaston last year .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Kevin Pietersen signs a new contract with Surrey last month.
The 34-year-old batsman is set to play against Oxford MCCU in The Parks.
Pietersen is expected to feature in his first championship match since 2013.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 958, Total accepted tokens: 958, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Lyon moved back to the top of Ligue 1 for 24 hours at least after claiming a comfortable 3-1 victory at Guingamp. Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty in the first half put Les Gones in control and Guingamp's hopes of a comeback took a blow when Christophe Kerbrat was given his marching orders before half-time. Clinton N'Jie struck just after the hour to put Hubert Fournier's side three goals to the good, meaning Claudio Beauvue's effort 10 minutes from time was only a consolation. Alexandre Lacazette celebrates after scoring a penalty for Lyon to send them top of Ligue 1 on Saturday . It was Lyon's first win in three and moved them back above Paris St Germain, who play third-placed Marseille in a much-anticipated encounter on Sunday evening. Two quick-fire second-half penalties saw Montpellier come from behind to beat Bastia 3-1 and move six points off the European places. Lucas Barrios and Anthony Mounier both struck from the spot within two minutes to cancel out Giovanni Sio's opener - with Morgan Sanson adding a third for the hosts in stoppage time. It was Lyon's first win in three and moved them back above Paris St Germain who play on Sunday . Lille got back to winning ways in emphatic fashion with a 3-1 triumph over strugglers Reims. Sebastien Corchia and Divock Origi put the hosts 2-0 up before Nicolas de Preville pulled one back for Reims but Nolan Roux added gloss to the scoreline at the Stade Pierre-Mauroy. At the other end of the table Rennes took a significant step closer to survival with a 3-0 win at Lorient, whose own hopes of avoiding the drop received another hit. Edson Mexer gave Rennes a 17th-minute lead and then goals either side of half-time from Sylvain Armand and Abdoulaye Doucoure ensured Philippe Montanier's men would be returning home with the points. Lille's French forward Nolan Roux is congratulated by teammates after scoring in their 3-1 win over Reims . Metz gave themselves at least some hope of staying up as Modibo Maiga's hat-trick earned them a 3-2 victory over relegation rivals Toulouse. Wissam Ben Yedder gave Toulouse a 21st-minute lead but Maiga - on loan from West Ham - quickly equalised, put Metz ahead before half-time and completed his treble early in the second period. Toulouse then had Marcel Tisserand sent off and could only manage a late consolation from Tongo Doumbia. Metz gave themselves at least some hope of staying up as Modibo Maiga's hat-trick earned them a 3-2 victory . Nice and Evian both picked up another point in their battles for survival following a 2-2 draw at the Allianz Riviera. Evian took a 18th-minute lead through Dany Nounkeu, Daniel Wass having wasted an earlier chance to put them in front from the penalty spot, but they had to rely on an Adrien Thomasson equaliser 12 minutes from time to earn a share of the spoils. Goals either side of half-time from Alexy Bosetti and Valentin Eysseric had turned the match in Nice's favour. Nice and Evian both picked up another point in their battles for survival with Adrien Thomasson scoring .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Lyon move back to the top of Ligue 1 for 24 hours after claiming a comfortable 3-1 victory at Guingamp.
Nabil Fekir's goal and Alexandre Lacazette's penalty in the first half put Les Gones in control.
Clinton N'Jie struck just after the hour to put Hubert Fournier's side three goals to the good.
Lille get back to winning ways in emphatic fashion with a 3-1 triumph over strugglers Reims.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 959, Total accepted tokens: 959, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Roma ended their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli in Serie A on Saturday in a key match for Champions League places. Miralem Pjanic finished off a swift counter-attack for Roma in the 25th minute and goalkeeper Morgan de Sanctis did the rest - saving shot after shot by Napoli in the second half. 'It's important to win a match and gain some continuity,' De Sanctis said. 'The last (four) months were tough in terms of results. So to win in front of our fans fills us with pride.' Miralem Pjanic slots home to put Roma ahead in the 25th minute after a clinical counter-attack . Pjanic (second left) celebrates with his team-mates Juan Iturbe, and Daniele de Rossi after scoring . Second-place Roma moved provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio, who play later on Saturday. They had gone seven matches since their last home win - a 4-2 victory over Inter Milan on November 30. Meanwhile, Napoli's winless streak - home and away - was extended to five matches, and Diego Maradona's former club remained fifth. Security was tight for Napoli's first visit to Roma since a fan of the southern club died following a shooting before last season's Italian Cup final at the Stadio Olimpico. Napoli manager Rafa Benitez shows the strain after his side failed to win for the fifth straight game . Roma keeper Morgan de Sanctis (right) was excellent to deny the visitors and protect the three points . Residents of the entire Campania region that includes Naples were barred from buying tickets for the match and 1,000 police officers were called in to maintain order. But there were no reports of problems. Roma was without injured captain Francesco Totti and fellow forward Gervinho but Pjanic quickly made an impact with a free kick from 30 meters that sailed just wide of the post. A few minutes later, Juan Iturbe rapidly carried into the area and passed to Alessandro Florenzi, who from the right flank picked out Pjanic to slot it in. Roma full back Jose Holebas tracks Napoli midfielder Jose Callejon as Roma finally won at home . Iburte skips past Miguel Britoss during a vital win for Roma, who have fallen off the pace recently . Napoli may have had a case for a penalty when Kostas Manolas stopped Jonathan De Guzman in the 39th with shoulder contact but there wasn't much of a protest to referee Nicola Rizzoli, who officiated last year's World Cup final. In the second half, De Sanctis was superb in denying Dries Mertens on several occasions. The 38-year-old goalkeeper also made a leaping save on a shot from Manolo Gabbiadini in the 64th. Iturbe had a chance to make it 2-0 two minutes from time but hit the outside of the net. Napoli forward Lorenzo Insigne came on late for his first action since tearing his knee in November.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Roma end their four-month winless streak at home with a victory over Napoli.
Miralem Pjanic scores twice as Roma beat Napoli 2-1 in a key match for Champions League.
Roma move provisionally four points ahead of city rivals Lazio in the table.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 960, Total accepted tokens: 960, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Stuart McCall revealed captain Lee McCulloch apologised to him and the Rangers players after being sent off in the 2-1 win over runaway Scottish Championship winners Hearts at Ibrox. Goals from striker Kenny Miller and the returning midfielder Haris Vuckic had the home side two ahead and cruising before McCulloch was shown a straight red card by referee Bobby Madden for fouling striker Osman Sow. It left the 10-man Govan side to fight a rearguard battle in the second half and, although Jambos striker Genero Zeefuik reduced the deficit in the 83rd minute, Rangers held on to move into second place in the league, three points ahead of Hibernian with a game in hand over the Leith club. Lee McCulloch was sent off during Rangers' crucial 2-1 victory against Hearts in the Scottish Championship . Staurt McCall says the Gers captain apologised to him as well as the players after the incident . The Gers boss said: 'Believe it or not I haven't seen it again and I didn't see it live - all I was interested in was Zeefuik going through the middle - but I spoke to Bobby coming off and he said he caught him with his elbow. 'Jig (McCulloch) came in after the game and apologised to me and the team so obviously it must have merited a red card.' The former Rangers midfielder paid tribute to Gers supporters in the crowd of 40,521 who willed their team on to a third successive win when they were down to 10 men. He said: 'In the second half, that was the first time for a long, long time, since I was playing, that I got goosebumps out there. McCulloch walks off the pitch after he was shown the red card on Easter Sunday . 'The fans deserved that (win) but I thought the players deserved their applause coming off the park because you need both together to be a success. 'It was pleasing in a lot of ways. We set out with a game plan to stop Hearts playing because they are a good side, no doubt about that. 'Obviously it was two terrific goals, but I thought the tempo and passing in the first half was outstanding. 'I thought the second half was just about guts, desire, being a good team-mate, so it was a hard shift but a nervy finish.' Man of the match Nicky Law also noted the improving relationship between players and supporters. The Rangers midfielder said: 'The crowd just lifted everyone and the atmosphere was as good as it has been since I signed at the club and Hearts fans played their part in that as well. 'Probably for the first time the fans have been right behind us and united as one, which it hasn't been for a while and that was great to see. 'We know that has been down to ourselves in large parts because it hasn't been good enough. 'But we hope that they see the effort we are putting in and hopefully we can achieve the aim that we started the season with and repay the fans. 'It was a huge win for us. Three wins on the spin now and the boys are buzzing.' McCall has paid tribute to the 40,521 Rangers fans who made it to Ibrox for the game . It was Hearts' first away defeat in the league all season and head coach Robbie Neilson refused to be too downbeat. He said: 'I thought we dominated in the second half without creating a lot of chances. I don't think we did enough to win. 'But the pleasing think is I am sitting here at Ibrox, having lost 2-1 and everyone is devastated. 'We have to take a step back and look at the big picture. 'We are 23 points clear at the top of the Championship and we are guaranteed top level football next year. 'So I don't want to be too down. I spoke to the players after the game and told them to put it into perspective. 'When they walk out of Ibrox they should have their heads held high because they are champions and it doesn't matter what happens in one game, it is a 36-game league and they have been the best team.' Kenny Miller (left) celebrates scoring for Rangers against Championship winners Hearts on Sunday .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Stuart McCall says captain Lee McCulloch apologised to him and the Rangers players.
The 10-man Govan side beat Hearts 2-1 at Ibrox Park on Sunday.
McCulloch was sent off by referee Bobby Madden for fouling striker Osman Sow.
Rangers move into second place in the Scottish Championship with three points.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 961, Total accepted tokens: 961, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Fighting between rival fans forced a Russian Premier League match between Arsenal Tula and Torpedo Moscow to be stopped for seven minutes on Sunday. A statement on Arsenal's official site read: 'In the 31st minute, fans from the visiting Moscow club broke down barriers in front of the visitors sector and tried to get to the East Stand, where a number of women and children were sitting. 'The Torpedo fans began breaking seats and throwing them towards law enforcement officers and stewards.' Scroll down to watch video footage of the incident . Fans fight leading to Arsenal Tula vs Torpedo Moscow to be suspended for seven minutes on Sunday . Torpedo Moscow fans broke down barriers and threw chairs, according to Arsenal Tula's website . Referee Alexander Yegorov stopped the match and told the players to leave the pitch and head for the dressing rooms, while fights broke out between fans on the running track after they managed to climb over barriers. After order was restored play resumed and Torpedo ran out 3-1 winners. Sergei Cheban, executive director of the Russian Football Premier League, said Torpedo could expected to be heavily punished for this latest outbreak of violence by their fans. 'Those people who organised the trouble have already been detained. The security forces on duty were very professional in their work,' said Cheban in an interview with Championat.com. 'Torpedo can expect to receive serious punishment. This is hooliganism and it not the first time they have stopped a match. The punishment will be harsh.' Torpedo's fans have caused trouble on a number of occasions and the club have already been punished three times this season for racist behaviour of their supporters. The last incident occurred on March 15 when Torpedo fans abused Zenit St Petersburg's Brazilian forward Hulk. The side were sanctioned by having to play two matches behind closed doors. Torpedo are currently in 12th place in the Russian Premier League table with 19 points, while Arsenal Tula are one place off the bottom with 14 points.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Arsenal Tula and Torpedo Moscow to play in Russian Premier League on Sunday.
Torpedo Moscow fans break down barriers and throw chairs, Arsenal's website says.
Referee Alexander Yegorov stops the match and tells the players to leave the pitch.
Torpedo run out 3-1 winners.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 962, Total accepted tokens: 962, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: It may an unorthodox way of achieving European qualification, but West Ham manager Sam Allardyce would welcome doing so through UEFA's Respect and Fair Play rankings. The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the Europa League, with England currently sitting third and West Ham topping the Barclays Premier League's Fair Play table. West Ham have little left to play for as they sit ninth ahead of Saturday's match with bottom-club Leicester City at the King Power Stadium. Yet they could achieve European qualification regardless of where they end up in the Premier League by finishing top of the Fair Play table. West Ham manager Sam Allardyce wants the club to qualify for Europe next season through Fair Play . It is a case of the fewer yellow and red cards the better for Allardyce, but the West Ham manager insists he has not instructed his players to keep their discipline at all costs. Asked if his players should tone down their commitment for the final eight games, Allardyce said: 'I haven't told them that. 'If we have done what we have done all season and we have been as good as we have been I shouldn't really need to tell them any more. 'For us as a team to be where we are at this stage of the season shows that we have played the game in the right way and the right manner and achieved something that is out there to promote the game in the right fashion.' Allardyce shouts instructions at his Bolton players during a UEFA Cup match against Besiktas in 2005 . Allardyce led Bolton Wanderers into UEFA Cup qualification for the first time in the club's history in 2005, and knows first hand how it can attract players in the transfer market. 'It was never easy but there were players of much higher quality interested in coming to Bolton, there is no doubt about that,' Allardyce added. 'The journey may not be great financially, but it is not the financial journey we look for as footballers and managers – it is the experience. 'It is the fact that you are competing in Europe which in itself may help in some of your recruitment areas – however you have got there.' Bolton forward Stelios Giannakopoulos scores a goal against Marseille in the UEFA Cup back in 2006 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: West Ham manager Sam Allardyce says he would welcome European qualification.
The top three nations in UEFA's rankings qualify for the Europa League.
West Ham are currently ninth in the Barclays Premier League's Fair Play table.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 963, Total accepted tokens: 963, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Hull midfielder David Meyler says he is totally convinced the Tigers will hang on to their Premier League status. Steve Bruce's side are in 15th place, three points off the relegation zone, but have a tough run-in with five of their last eight matches against clubs in the top seven of the Premier League. The Tigers have impressed however against top sides, drawing 1-1 away at Manchester City and losing 3-2 at the hands of Chelsea in a match they could easily have won. Hull midfielder David Meyler is confident his side will remain in the top flight despite their recent poor form . The Tigers will be hoping to bounce back from their 3-2 home defeat by Chelsea when they face Swansea . Hull are currently just three points above Burnley . Speaking ahead of the weekend meeting with Swansea, Meyler said: 'We are not going down. We just have to get into the mentality that it is not good enough to accept the 3-2 defeat by Chelsea, even if they are likely Premier League champions. 'We had some great chances and we need to win these games when you get into those positions.' He added: 'We're down to the last eight games now and this is where we have to earn our money. 'This is the period when everything will be decided so we've got eight games to make sure we finish as well as we can and that is what we aim to do. 'We finished 17th last season and at the moment, we're 15th this season so we're a little bit ahead. Hull trio Mohamed Diame (pictured), James Chester and Gaston Ramirez could feature against Swansea . 'What we want to do here is maintain Premier League status for a number of years to come and we'll do what we have to do to achieve that aim and build this club. We're looking to develop every year. 'We've got eight games to come, against some decent teams, but I'm sure we can get the wins we need if we keep performing like we did in games against the likes of Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool and for 70 minutes against Chelsea. 'It will be tough against Swansea but we're going there with the mentality that we can get some points.' Hull will be hugely boosted by the return of Senegal midfielder Mohamed Diame after a long injury absence, and James Chester is also back in the squad to face Swansea. Gaston Ramirez is fit to play despite concerns about an injury picked up on international duty.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Hull midfielder David Meyler says he is totally convinced the Tigers will hang on to their Premier League status.
Hull are in 15th place, three points off the relegation zone, but have a tough run-in with five of their last eight matches.
The Tigers have impressed however against top sides, drawing 1-1 away at Manchester City and losing 3-2 at the hands of Chelsea.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 964, Total accepted tokens: 964, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ahead of another weekend in the Barclays Premier League, Sportsmail brings you the latest squad news, odds and stats on every top flight fixture as it breaks. Simply click on your team  in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return as well as all the key statistics surrounding your club's fixture. In or out? Keep up-to-date with all the latest team news and stats ahead of the Premier League weekend . SATURDAY . Arsenal vs Liverpool (12.45pm) Everton vs Southampton (3pm) Leicester City vs West Ham United (3pm) Manchester United vs Aston Villa (3pm) Swansea City vs Hull City (3pm) West Bromwich Albion vs QPR (3pm) Chelsea vs Stoke (5.30pm) SUNDAY . Burnley vs Tottenham Hotspur (1.30pm) Sunderland vs Newcastle United (4pm) MONDAY . Crystal Palace vs Manchester City (8pm)<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sportsmail brings you the latest squad news, odds and stats on every top flight fixture.
Simply click on your team in the fixture list below to find out who is ruled out and who is making a return.
In or out? Keep up-to-date with all the latest team news and stats ahead of the Premier League weekend.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 965, Total accepted tokens: 965, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: After hitting nine past Granada at the weekend, it's safe to say Real Madrid's attacking prowess isn't misfiring at present. And for Real boss Carlo Ancelotti he now faces the enviable dilemma of trying to fit in his array of stars into his starting line-up. However, as Spanish paper AS reports seven players into six spots doesn't go - with one set to be upset at being left out of his preferred 4-3-3 formation. Spanish papers report on the attacking selection that Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti now has at the club . For the first time since November midfield quartet Isco, Toni Kroos, Luka Modric and James Rodriguez are all fit and available alongside famed 'BBC' triumvirate of Gareth Bale, Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo. Marca also recognises this issue at the Santiago Bernabeu. Leading with the headline 'Blessed Problem,' the publication states that Ancelotti will have to choose between either Isco or Rodriguez to finalise his best starting line-up. The Madrid-based paper further adds that the latter is the favourite due to his impressive stats in his debut season at Real to date. In all competitions so far, the 23-year-old has scored 12 goals and provided 11 assists in comparison to Isco's five and six. Over in Italy, the fallout at the demise of giants Inter continues with Corriere dello Sport reporting that there is a huge divide between Italian and foreign playing and non-playing staff. The main issue of contention at the San Siro outfit appears to be at boardroom level though with Managing Director Marco Fassone and CEO Michael Bolingbroke  said to be wanting to take the club in different directions. Over in Italy, Corriere dello Sport focuses on the internal struggles at fallen giants Inter Milan . Meanwhile Tuttosport looks ahead at the Coppa Italia semi-final second legs taking place in midweek - with Fiorentina's clash against Juventus taking centre stage. The paper reports that Juve boss Massimiliano Allegri will pair star striker Carlos Tevez and Alvaro Morata together for the trip to Florence, while Viola manager Vincenzo Montella is looking for another moment of magic from on loan Chelsea midfielder Mohamed Salah. And finally in France, the reaction to Paris Saint-Germain's pulsatring 3-2 win at title rivals Marseille on Sunday continues. L'Equipe state that exciting affair at the Stade Velodrome is confirmation that Ligue 1 is progressing and becoming more appealing - while the result adds an extra spice to this year's championship race. As it stands, PSG sit top of Ligue 1 with 62 points after 31 games - just one ahead of second-placed Lyon and five ahead of Marseille in third. In France, L'Equipe reports that PSG's 3-2 win at Marseille is an indictment at the improvement of Ligue 1 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti faces dilemma of choosing between two stars.
Ancelotti will have to choose between Isco or Rodriguez to finalise his best line-up.
In Italy, Corriere dello Sport reports that there is a huge divide between Italian and foreign staff.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 966, Total accepted tokens: 966, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ahead of this weekend's Premier League action, Sportsmail will be providing you with all you need to know about every fixture, with team news, provisional squads, betting odds and Opta stats. Here is all the information you need for Manchester United's home clash with Aston Villa... Manchester United vs Aston Villa (Old Trafford) Team news . Manchester United . Striker Robin van Persie is out of Manchester United's Barclays Premier League match against Aston Villa with an ankle injury. Left-back Luke Shaw has recovered from a hamstring problem, but centre-back Chris Smalling is a big doubt due to illness. Robin van Persie scores against Leicester City earlier in the season but he is ruled out of the Aston Villa game . Defender Jonny Evans sits out the fourth match of his six-game ban for spitting at Newcastle striker Papiss Cisse. Provisional squad: De Gea, Lindegaard, Valdes, Shaw, Blackett, Rojo, Smalling, Jones, McNair, Rafael, Pereira, Young, Blind, Fellaini, Herrera, Valencia, Di Maria, Januzaj, Mata, Falcao, Rooney, Wilson. Aston Villa . Skipper Ron Vlaar could return for Aston Villa after finally shaking off a calf injury for the trip to Manchester United. The defender has been out since February and he will be joined in the squad by Joe Cole after a hamstring issue while Jores Okore (knee) is also fit. Ron Vlaar trains ahead of his expected return to the Aston Villa squad at Manchester United . Kieran Richardson and Philippe Senderos (both calf) are in training but could still miss out while there are doubts surrounding Aly Cissokho (groin) and Nathan Baker (knee) and United loanee Tom Cleverley is ineligible. Provisional squad: Guzan, Given, Hutton, Lowton, Okore, Vlaar, Clark, Cissokho, Kinsella, Delph, Sinclair, Gil, Westwood, Sanchez, Grealish, Cole, N'Zogbia, Agbonlahor, Benteke, Weimann. Kick-off: Saturday, 3pm . Odds (subject to change): . Manchester United 3/10 . Draw 4/1 . Aston Villa 9/1 . Referee: Roger East . Managers: Louis van Gaal (Manchester United), Tim Sherwood (Aston Villa) Head-to-head league record: Manchester United wins 82, draws 38, Aston Villa wins 43 . Key match stats (supplied by Opta) Manchester United have 31 Premier League wins against Aston Villa, the joint-most of any team against any opponent in the history of the competition (along with Man Utd v Everton). Aston Villa have won just one of the last 38 Premier League games against Manchester United (L27 D10 W1). Wayne Rooney has scored 12 goals against Aston Villa, his joint-highest tally against any opponent in Premier League history along with Newcastle United. Aston Villa are the only side in the Premier League this season yet to see a substitute score or assist a single one of their goals. Radamel Falcao scored Manchester United's equaliser in their 1-1 draw at Aston Villa in December . Rooney has scored eight goals in his last six Premier League games at Old Trafford against the Villans, netting four braces. Villa have seen six players sent off in the Premier League this season; two more than they had in any previous Premier League campaign. Rooney has scored 95 goals at Old Trafford, only Alan Shearer with 97 at St James Park (two for Blackburn) and Thierry Henry with 114 at Highbury have scored more goals on one single ground in Premier League history. The Red Devils have won 12 of their last 14 Premier League matches at Old Trafford (D1 L1). On just eight occasions this season have a side used two or more players that are under 20 in a Premier League game – seven of these have been by Manchester United (Arsenal the other). Aston Villa have scored just two goals in the final half an hour in the Premier League this season – Man Utd have scored more in the 90th minute or later (3).<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Manchester United and Aston Villa clash at Old Trafford on Saturday.
Robin van Persie ruled out of Manchester United's Barclays Premier League match.
Aston Villa skipper Ron Vlaar could return after finally shaking off a calf injury.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 967, Total accepted tokens: 967, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The Premier League returns this weekend after the fourth interruption this season for international fixtures, leaving managers hoping their players have returned with a clean bill of health. The break can be both a blessing and a curse, potentially halting your momentum if results and confidence are positive, or halting your slide if all is not well. Premier League sides have already had to resume their season after international breaks in September, October and November 2014. Premier League leaders Chelsea have won all three of their matches following the international break . Everton lead the post-international Premier League table with three wins from three after the break . However six Premier League clubs are still chasing their first win after an international break this season, so who has been the best at managing this transition? Sportsmail examines this through a modified Premier League table that takes in only results immediately after international resumptions. Our alternative table makes nice reading for Toffees fans, with their side winning all three matches and keeping clean sheets against Aston Villa and West Brom. Champions-elect Chelsea are the only side to match this perfect record, though both of these teams have not faced a current top seven team across their post-international fixtures. Southampton and both Manchester clubs are the only other unbeaten sides though United did slip up in drawing 2-2 at home to West Brom. Manchester City have been relatively impressive, drawing 2-2 at the Emirates and most notably dispatching Champions League chasing Tottenham 4-1, who have an indifferent record. Moving further down and Liverpool have a significantly worse record following the international break than in overall form, suffering surprise defeats when visiting Crystal Palace and hosting Aston Villa. Moreover their only win came through an unconvincing 3-2 victory at Queens Park Rangers, secured only through a sensational second-half display by Raheem Sterling. Manchester United will be hoping to follow up their win against Liverpool by beating Aston Villa . Arsenal are awaiting their first Premier League win directly following an international break . Brendan Rodgers (right) will be hoping his side can pile more post-international misery on Arsenal . Saturday . Arsenal vs Liverpool . Everton vs Southampton . Leicester vs West Ham . Manchester United vs Aston Villa . Swansea vs Hull . West Brom vs QPR . Chelsea vs Stoke . Sunday . Burnley vs Tottenham . Sunderland vs Newcastle . Monday . Crystal Palace vs Manchester City . Both the Reds and Arsenal will want to change the vast discrepancies between their current league table positions and their positions in our alternative view, currently sitting in eighth and 13th respectively. The two Champions League sides meet on Saturday lunchtime as Arsenal chase a first win following an international break this season. The Gunners have been fortunate in having three home fixtures but have totally failed to capitalise on this, drawing 2-2 with Hull City and Manchester City, whilst losing 2-1 at the hands of Manchester United. Southampton have handed out two thrashings to sides in the North-East by picking up 8-0 and 4-0 wins over Sunderland and Newcastle respectively. However in this table the Toon still make the top six through narrow 1-0 wins over both QPR and Leicester. The Foxes have a notably improved position whilst keeping clean sheets against Sunderland and Stoke in their three post-international games, despite these being relatively rare across the season. Relegations strugglers QPR have lost all three of their post-international fixtures so far this season . This puts Nigel Pearson’s side comfortably nestled in mid-table, joined their relegation strugglers Burnley. Possibly benefitting from having fewer players occupied on international duty, both join a cluster of teams on four points. Stoke will also be concerned by their poor record, which includes 2-1 and 1-0 defeats when hosting relegation-threatened sides Burnley and Leicester City. Such results across an entire campaign may have seen them struggling to maintain mid-table stability under Mark Hughes. Hull City, Sunderland and West Brom are all winless, though the Black Cats did claim a respectable 2-2 draw at home to Tottenham. Swansea City and QPR are both pointless, though the Swans have had three games including difficult trips to Chelsea and Manchester City. Meanwhile the R’s have hosted Liverpool whilst suffering away defeats with scoring at both Newcastle and Manchester United – Chris Ramsey’s team will hope to change that trend when travelling to West Brom on Saturday.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Premier League leaders Chelsea win all three of their matches following the international break.
Champions-elect Chelsea are the only side to match this perfect record.
Liverpool and Tottenham are the only other unbeaten sides in the Premier League.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 968, Total accepted tokens: 968, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: It is eight long, barren years since an English club claimed the top prize in European rugby and the bookmakers aren't convinced the grim cycle can be broken this year. When Wasps claimed the Heineken Cup in 2007 with victory over Leicester, it seemed unthinkable that the Premiership would not produce another continental champion for so long. Yet since then Irish teams have seized four titles — Leinster claiming a hat-trick — and French teams three, accurately reflecting the balance of power in the European game. This season is not seen as any real exception, despite the presence of four English sides in the last eight of the new Champions Cup. There is a consensus among the bookies that holders Toulon are destined to finish on top of the pile for the third successive year, with Clermont their primary challengers followed by Racing and Leinster. The Aviva Premiership quartet are all away from home this weekend and are all firm underdogs. Francois Louw runs with the ball during the Bath Rugby training session held at Farleigh House . Bath's George Ford practices his kicking during the training session at the Farleigh House complex . Leinster's Jamie Heaslip is tackled by Sailosi Tagicakibau during the Champions Cup match with Wasps . In World Cup year it would provide a clear boost to national morale if one of their elite clubs could shatter the status quo by lifting the trophy on May 2 but there are significant reasons why an English triumph shouldn't happen. The first comes down to money. Northampton, Saracens, Bath and Wasps are well-funded, with strong squads, but their resources are modest compared to French powerhouses Toulon, Clermont and Racing, who have budgets three or four times the size of their Premiership opponents. Across the Channel, squads are awash with Test-class players from around the world, even on the bench. Meanwhile, Leinster have superb recent European pedigree and benefit from the Irish system which sees top players rested from league duties in order to peak on these major occasions.Bath will find themselves in hostile territory at the Aviva Stadium, but they went to Toulouse in January and scorched the earth to win 35-18. If their pack can go toe-to-toe with the hosts, the likes of Jonathan Joseph are capable of wreaking havoc. Make no mistake, Mike Ford's team are capable of winning in Dublin. Also on Saturday, Northampton face an arduous task in trying to storm the Stade Marcel Michelin fortress where Clermont are on a 22-match unbeaten run in Europe. The Saints are the only English team to win an away quarter-final against French opposition — beating Biarritz 7-6 in 2007. English sides have lost the eight other quarter-finals they have played across the Channel. Clermont's New Zealand winger Zac Guildford (left) tries to escape a tackle during the match against Paris . Clermont winger Napolioni Nalaga (right) charges with the ball during the match against Bordeaux-Begles . Nothampton's Stephen Myler (left) and Luther Burrell (right) prepare to tackle Jamie Roberts of Racing Metro . The current Premiership champions were losing Heineken Cup finalists in 2011. To reach that stage again would require a monumental result this weekend, but Clermont are far from infallible, as Saracens proved, thrashing them 46-6 in last season's epic semi-final. The London club lost to Toulon in the final, but they have been the standard-bearers for English rugby in the last two seasons and will believe they can go to Paris and beat Racing, who can be wildly inconsistent. Wasps captain James Haskell provides a link back to the club's distant 2007 success, but Dai Young's men will be confronting a multi-national force in Toulon that would beat most Test teams. If they were to stun the holders, it would go down as one of the greatest shocks in European competition. There is a fair chance that one English team can progress, with Bath and Saracens the more likely candidates. If two were to make it, that would provide a colossal and timely boost to national morale. Wasps captain James Haskell receives a pass during the training session at Twyford Avenue Sports Ground .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: English clubs have not claimed the Heineken Cup since 2007.
Bookmakers are predicting Toulon will finish on top of the pile for the third successive year.
The current champions are losing Heineken Cup finalists in 2011.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 969, Total accepted tokens: 969, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Wales' crunch Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out. The top two sides in Group B meet at the Cardiff City Stadium on June 12 with Wales in their best position to qualify for a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup finals in Sweden. Belgium and Wales both have 11 points from five games with Marc Wilmots' side - ranked fourth in the world - on top spot because of a superior goal difference. Wales'  Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium this summer has been declared a 33,000 sell-out . Gareth Bale fires homes a brilliant free-kick during Wales' 3-0 victory over Israel in Euro 2016 qualifying . Real Madrid star Bale celebrates as the victory took Wales to the top of the Group B table on goal difference . But Wales' comprehensive 3-0 victory in Israel last weekend has seen expectations rise that Chris Coleman's charges can claim one of the two automatic qualifying spots and make it all the way to the 2016 finals in France. 'The stunning performance in Israel has created a huge buzz around Chris Coleman's team and the FAW has been inundated with orders for tickets,' the Football Association of Wales said in a statement on its website. 'Due to overwhelming demand, general admission tickets for the European qualifiers match between Wales and Belgium at the Cardiff City Stadium have now sold out.' It is understood the Wales squad prefer to play at the Cardiff City Stadium rather than the Millennium Stadium . There had been speculation that Wales would play Belgium at the 74,500 capacity Millennium Stadium with so much interest in the match. But that was never going to happen as UEFA rules prevent the venue being changed within 120 days of the scheduled date. It is understood Gareth Bale and company would prefer playing at the more intimate Cardiff City Stadium rather than the Millennium Stadium, where they have not played since meeting England in a Euro 2012 qualifier in March 2011.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Wales' crunch Euro 2016 qualifier with Belgium declared a 33,000 sell-out.
Wales and Belgium both have 11 points from five games with Wales in best position.
Wales' 3-0 victory over Israel last weekend has seen expectations rise.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 970, Total accepted tokens: 970, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Mark Hughes has insisted he will have significant money to spend this summer if required – and told Asmir Begovic he can fulfil his ambitions at Stoke City. The Stoke manager has kept the club's chequebook largely in his pocket since taking over in May 2013 but said he would splash out when the right player became available. Signing Begovic to a new contract is a priority given the Bosnia goalkeeper will be entering the final year of his current deal. Stoke City manager Mark Hughes is confident he will have money to spend in the summer transfer window . Hughes wants goalkeeper Asmir Begovic to agree a new contract at the Britannia Stadium . But Hughes will add expensive acquisitions if needed, having missed out on £10million Xherdan Shaqiri in the January window. Hughes said: 'We haven't spent a great deal since I've been here. A net spend of £6million I think over four transfer windows. 'But I've never been given the impression that if the right player was available and we wanted to really push the boat out there wouldn't be funds available. 'We've chased any number of players and some targets we've got very, very close to where we would have been in a position to make a decision whether or not we spent a significant amount. Stoke sit 10th in the Premier League and still have an outside chance of earning a European berth . Begovic is out of contract at the end of next season and could be targeted by clubs this summer . 'We've never actually got to the point where we've needed to just because the target fell by the wayside. I've never been in any doubt that if the right target is available then the finances will be made available to me.' A host of clubs may decide to make a move for Begovic, 27, who is set to open talks over extending his Stoke stay once the season is over. Hughes said: 'I'm sure they will be looking at him. But we've got a lot of things we can offer to Asmir. 'He knows we're a good club that will continue hopefully to progress. He wants to be part of a successful football club, I know that. He's an ambitious guy. 'But we'd like to think he could achieve what he needs from his career here at Stoke.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says he will have money to spend in the summer.
Signing goalkeeper Asmir Begovic to a new contract is a priority.
Begovic is out of contract at the end of next season.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 971, Total accepted tokens: 971, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Raheem Sterling gave a revealing insight into his future on Wednesday, insisting he was not a money-grabbing 20-year-old despite turning down a Liverpool contract worth £100,000-a-week. The England winger instead pointed to his desire to finish out the season before considering any more offers, focusing on winning trophies with his club for the time being. But how much of what Sterling told BBC Sport can we believe? Sportsmail's Riath Al-Samarrai tries his hand at interpreting. Liverpool star Raheem Sterling gave a revealing insight into his Liverpool talks with BBC Sport . WHAT HE SAID: ‘I would never want the fans to think bad of me, to think I just want as much money for myself. I want them to understand it’s been a bit much for me this season, with everyone talking about it every minute.’ WHAT HE MEANT: Can’t a guy just let his contract run down in peace? WHAT HE SAID: ‘It’s never been about money. I talk about winning trophies throughout my career. That’s all I talk about.’ WHAT HE MEANT:  Finishing the season empty-handed won’t help the situation . Sterling says it is not about money, only about trophies - so can Liverpool afford to not win any this season? WHAT HE SAID: ‘I don’t talk about how many cars I’m going to drive, how many houses I’ve got. I just purely want to be the best I can be.’ WHAT HE MEANT: If you’re wondering, I drive a Mercedes C63 and also have a Range Rover 4x4. They are both white. WHAT HE SAID: ‘You really want to be working with world-class players day in, day out. It’s obviously left a little dent, these two world-class superstars (Suarez and Gerrard) leaving, but I think we have good players coming through at Liverpool.’ WHAT HE MEANT::Players come and go. Deal with it. Sterling rejected Liverpool's contract offer of £100,000-a-week and says he is focusing on his football . WHAT HE SAID: On speculation that Arsenal are keen: ‘Quite flattering.’ WHAT HE MEANT:  Auctions are always better when more people turn up . WHAT HE SAID: ‘Everyone’s dream growing up is seeing themselves in an away kit somewhere in a sunny country. But, in reality, I’m happy to be playing for Liverpool and trying to win trophies.’ WHAT HE MEANT:  Barcelona and Madrid are nice cities. And warm, too. The 20-year-old England international has been linked with moves to Arsenal, Real Madrid and Barcelona . WHAT HE SAID: ‘If, at that point in time, I was offered a contract, I most definitely would have signed straight away, probably for far less money than being said now. I just think the timing was a bit off.’ WHAT HE MEANT:  You need me more than ever now. WHAT HE SAID: ‘I just want to focus on football and, when it gets to the end of the season, assess my position as a 20-year-old player playing in the Premier League.’ WHAT HE MEANT:  Literally all of the power in this situation is with me. Sterling holds all the power at Liverpool and has been one of Brendan Rodgers' star performers this season .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Raheem Sterling says he is not a money-grabbing 20-year-old.
Sterling says he is focusing on winning trophies with his club for the time being.
Sterling says he is not talking about money, only about winning trophies.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 972, Total accepted tokens: 972, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Ludogorets player Cosmin Moti is guilty of producing one of the worst tackles you're likely to see this season after his kung-fu style tackle on a CSKA Sofia player - but unbelievably the referee waved play on. It was a kick Eric Cantona would have been proud of, as he connected cleanly with Stefan Nikolic's rib-cage and sending his opponent crashing to the floor. The defender made the headlines for the right reasons during Ludogorets Champions League play-off against Steaua Bucharest back in August, when he saved two penalties during the shoot-out - after their goalkeeper had been sent off. Cosmin Moti (centre right) kung-fu tacklesStefan Nikolic during Ludogorets clash with CSKA Sofia . His heroics sent the Bulgarian side through to the Champions League group stages as he established himself as a club legend. But Moti's kick on Nikolic shows a different side and the misdemeanor during the first half went unpunished as his side went on to win the contest 4-0 - sending them six points clear of their rivals at the top. It could have been so different for the away side if he had been given his marching orders but due to some shocking refereeing, that wasn't the case. The defender leaps up and aims his right foot at the forward but wasn't sent off for the tackle . Moti connects cleanly Nikolic's rib cage but the referee waved play on - much to the disgust of CSKA . The forward screams in pain after the horrific tackle and lands heavily on the Ludogorets pitch . Moti celebrates his first penalty save against Steaua Bucharest during their UEFA Champions League play off .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Ludogorets player Cosmin Moti guilty of producing one of the worst tackles you're likely to see this season.
Moti's kick on Stefan Nikolic during Ludogorets clash with CSKA Sofia.
The defender leaps up and aims his right foot at the forward but wasn't sent off for the tackle.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 973, Total accepted tokens: 973, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Brian O'Driscoll won't be thanking whoever snapped him crowd surfing at a party in Hong Kong any time soon after the picture went viral. To make matters worse the Irish rugby legend's wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media, with hilarious consequences. O'Driscoll has been in Hong Kong this week working as an ambassador for HSBC ahead of the Hong Kong Sevens and clearly found time to unwind away from his commitments. Amy Huberman shares a joke with her husband in the Royal Box at Wimbledon last summer . The couple are pictured attending a Downing Street reception following the victorious 2013 Lions tour . On Monday, at home in Ireland, actress Huberman posted the picture of O'Driscoll and wrote: 'You know when your husband is away in Hong Kong on a very important business trip...' This was followed by a that read: 'I better get a giant Toblerone from the duty free.' Sure enough, O'Driscoll returned on Tuesday, tail between his legs with the requested Toblerone. Clearly taking some joy in her husband's embarrassment, Huberman later posted a picture of O'Driscoll holding the chocolate bar, declaring: 'He's home.' O'Driscoll may think twice before crowd surfing in future. The couple celebrates Ireland's Six Nations success in O'Driscoll's final international match in March 2014 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Brian O'Driscoll snaps crowd surfing picture in Hong Kong.
His wife Amy Huberman caught wind of the picture on social media.
O'Driscoll returned on Tuesday, tail between his legs with the requested Toblerone.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 974, Total accepted tokens: 974, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Arsene Wenger has revealed he only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match - and agonises over the selection all week. The Arsenal manager, who has taken charge of 1,056 matches since his appointment in September 1996, has lifted the lid on his pre-match rituals in an interview with the official Arsenal Magazine. Wenger said: 'I always have eight or nine players of my team in my head the day before the game, but there's always a doubt on one or two. Arsene Wenger has revealed the selection process he uses to pick his Arsenal team . Wenger lifts the FA Cup following Arsenal's triumph over Hull City at Wembley last season . 'You try to make it as scientific as much as you can, but it's intuitive as well because you have to think if the balance of the team is right or if one player was a bit better in the last training session. 'When two players are together in your mind, competing for one position, every single detail can go for one of them - experience, confidence under pressure - everything can make a difference. 'I always have a final chat with the medical people to make my mind up and make sure that everybody is alright. I do that on the morning of every game. Then I make my decision.' But even though the Frenchman waits until the hours before the game to confirm his team, the overall selection process takes much longer. Wenger, drenched in champagne, is held aloft by his players after Arsenal's FA Cup win last season . Wenger said: 'Anyway, you always have your team in your head, for the whole week. You never go to bed without thinking about what the next line-up will be. 'You live with that always. That can create uncertainties, because you think about it every day. 'If you don't know on Friday night, you will not know on Saturday morning so you have to decide in your head early, and go for it.' Wenger's methods have delivered three Premier League titles and five FA Cups during his tenure at Arsenal.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he only makes the final decision on his starting line-up on the morning of the match.
Wenger says he agonises over the selection all week.
The Frenchman says he has eight or nine players of his team in his head the day before the game.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 975, Total accepted tokens: 975, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Richard Henyekane, a former South Africa striker, was killed in a car crash early Tuesday, his club and the country's Premier Soccer League have confirmed. Henyekane's club, Free State Stars, said the 31-year-old player was traveling with four other people in the vehicle but was the only person to die in the crash. Henyekane made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009. He was on loan at Free State Stars from Pretoria-based Mamelodi Sundowns. Henyekane went on as a substitute in Stars' 1-0 loss to AmaZulu in the east coast city of Durban in the PSL on Saturday. Richard Henyekane died tragically in a car accident on Tuesday morning while he driving in Bethlehem . South African media reported the crash happened in Bethlehem, the town in central South Africa where Free State Stars are based. Other South African clubs, South African Football Association President Danny Jordaan, and the minister of sport sent messages of condolence for Henyekane. Henyekane's younger brother, Joseph, who was also a footballer, died in December. South Africa has a poor road safety record. Runner and former 800-meter world champion Mbulaeni Mulaudzi died in a road accident late last year. The forward made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009 and played for Free State Stars this season .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Richard Henyekane, a former South Africa striker, was killed in a car crash.
Henyekane's club, Free State Stars, said the 31-year-old player was traveling with four others.
Henyekane made nine appearances for South Africa in 2009.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 976, Total accepted tokens: 976, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Darren Bent has revealed an Aston Villa return this summer could be on the cards and discussions have taken place. The former England striker, on loan at Derby County, also said Villa were ‘100 per cent’ correct to sack Paul Lambert. Bent, 31, praised Tim Sherwood, who he knows from Tottenham Hotspur, and opened the door on a shock continuation of his Villa Park career even after his contract expires in June. Darren Bent has scored seven goals on loan in the Championship with promotion-chasing Derby . Paul Lambert was sacked by Aston Villa in February after two-and-a-half seasons at the club . ‘There have been conversations with Villa regarding the future and I need to have a think about things in the summer,’ Bent told the Daily Telegraph. ‘I’m not ruling out going back, just like I wouldn’t rule out staying at Derby because they have given me a lifeline to play football and score goals again. We will have to look at it. ‘A club that size should not have had the seasons we’ve had for the last couple of seasons. I enjoyed the first few years but Paul Lambert came in and it all changed, it all went downhill for me from there. ‘He made those decisions but ultimately he’s not there any more and I think it was 100 per cent right, the best thing for the football club. Bent endured a frustrating time at Villa Park while Lambert was in charge as he was left on the sidelines . Tim Sherwood has inspired at mini-revival at Villa Park since taking over earlier this year . ‘I know Tim Sherwood from Tottenham, he’s an unbelievable motivator and it’s the perfect job for him.’ Bent, who has scored seven goals since going on loan to Derby, also praised Steve McClaren as one of the best managers he has played under. ‘He’s being linked with Sunderland and Newcastle and that shows you how good he is,’ Bent added. ‘Whether we get promoted or not, we’ll definitely be trying to hold on to him this summer. He’s up there with the best of them.’<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Darren Bent says Aston Villa are '100 per cent' right to sack Paul Lambert.
Bent, on loan at Derby County, says he has had talks about a return to Aston Villa.
Bent says he has been encouraged by Tim Sherwood, who he knows from Tottenham.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 977, Total accepted tokens: 977, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 to notch a second straight Copa America warm-up victory without Lionel Messi at a freezing MetLife stadium in New Jersey on Tuesday. Gerardo Martino's Argentina, with captain Messi looking on again while he nurses a right foot injury, had beaten El Salvador 2-0 in Washington on Saturday. They went in front after eight minutes on Tuesday when midfielder Javier Pastore glanced an Angel di Maria corner towards the far post where striker Sergio Aguero headed his 22nd international goal and first since Argentina beat Germany 4-2 in a friendly last September. Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero celebrates his goal in Argentina's 2-1 win on Tuesday night . Javier Pastore celebrates after scoring Argentina's winner in Tuesday night's 2-1 success over Ecuador . Pastore celebrates with Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo after scoring the winning goal . Manchester City forward Sergio Aguero had opened the scoring for Argentina at the MetLife Stadium . Fans celebrate Aguero's opener during the first-half as Argentina continued their Copa America preparations . Argentina: Romero, Otamendi, Rojo, Roncaglia, Garay, Di Maria (Lavezzi 79), Pastore (Banega 79), Biglia, Mascherano, Mancuello (Pereyra 46), Aguero (Tevez 75) Substitutes not used: Rulli, Guzman, Orban, Musacchio, Zabaleta, Ramiro Funes Mori, Rodriguez, Messi, Higuain . Scorers: Aguero 8; Pastore 58 . Ecuador: Dominguez, Erazo, W. Ayovi, Paredes, Achiller, Mena, Lastra (Gruezo 65), Bolanos, Noboa, Ibarra (Martinez 85), Caicedo (J. Ayovi 70) Substitutes not used: Azcona, Dreer, Pineida, Bagui, Arboleda, Mina, Larrea, Valencia, Montrero, Rojas . Scorer: Bolanos 24 . Booked: Bolanos . Referee: S. Petrescu . Ecuador equalised midway through the first half when a mistake in the centre of the Argentina defence allowed left back Walter Ayovi to square to Miller Bolanos in the box and the striker shot low past Sergio Romero. Pastore scored the winner in the 58th minute when an Ecuador clearance was blocked and he beat the offside trap to tap the ball under goalkeeper Alexander Dominguez. 'I thought this was a pretty good Argentina in general terms though we have a lot to work on with our coordination,' Martino told reporters. 'Messi is having trouble getting his boot on because of the pain, there's no way he could play.' The match, which began in a sleet storm and was played in temperatures barely above freezing, was Gustavo Quinteros's second in charge of Ecuador while defender Ayovi won his 100th cap. Mexico, who beat Ecuador on Friday, also had their second consecutive win by beating Paraguay with a goal from Eduardo Herrera in the third minute at the Arrowhead in Kansas City. Sergio Aguero (left), Sergio Romero (centre) and Angel di Maria stand in the snow during the warm-up . Javier Mascherano almost kicks Ecuador's Miller Bolanos in the face as he goes for the ball . Nicolas Otamendi tries to control a bouncing ball ahead of Ecuador's Renato Ibarra . Javier Pastore is challenged by Osbaldo Lastra during the friendly international in New Jersey . Marcos Rojo (No 16) and Ecuador duo Gabriel Achiller (No 21) and Osbaldo Lastra protest a decision . Sergio Aguero carries the ball forward as he tries to instigate another attack for Argentina . It was Paraguay coach Ramon Diaz's second match in charge. Peru, playing under new coach Ricardo Gareca for the first time, went down 1-0 to Venezuela at Lockhart stadium in Florida, Josef Martinez scoring the winner. Venezuela had lost 2-1 to Jamaica on Friday.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Argentina beat Ecuador 2-1 in Copa America warm-up match in New Jersey.
Gerardo Martino's Argentina go in front after eight minutes with Sergio Aguero scoring.
Ecuador equalise midway through the first half when a mistake in the centre of the defence allows Walter Ayovi to square to striker Miller Bolanos.
Aguero scores the only goal of the match in the 22nd minute.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 978, Total accepted tokens: 978, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The two biggest names at the Masters this week have gone to the same Augusta club member to help them realise their dreams. Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox , a former Georgia State mid-amateur champion, reads the mysterious Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone he has ever seen. And on Friday Knox completed something of a notable double when he answered the call from Tiger Woods to play a practice round. Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox (left) reads the mysterious Augusta putting surfaces better than anyone . Knox played with McIlroy when the Northern Irishman was first man out in the third round last year . Marker Knox watches his tee shot on the first hole during the third round of the 2014 Masters Tournament . Knox played as a non-competing marker with McIlroy when the Northern Irishman was first man out in the third round last year. He even outscored the world No 1 by a shot, with a 70 to McIlroy’s 71. A fortnight later, McIlroy wrote him a letter asking if he might be able to call upon his advice in the future. ‘Playing with Jeff, it was a treat for me to see how he played the golf course,’ said McIlroy, following his round last year. ‘The fact he wrote at all says an awful lot about Rory and it was quite an honour for him to say what he did,’ said Knox. ‘I’d gladly help him out. I just happened to play good that day. I guess that helped.’ McIlroy, pictured in action at the Arnold Palmer Invitational, and is favourite to win the Masters . Woods could pose a threat to McIlroy at the Masters after confirming that he will play at Augusta . McIlroy manages a smile after throwing away a four-shot lead on the final day of the Masters in 2011 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Rory McIlroy believes Jeff Knox reads the mysterious Augusta putting surfaces better.
McIlroy wrote Knox asking if he might be able to call upon his advice in the future.
McIlroy and Knox played together last year when McIlroy was first man out in the third round.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 979, Total accepted tokens: 979, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Danny Lennon's interim appointment as Scotland Under 21 coach officially ended as reports claim he will be named as Alloa Athletic boss on Tuesday. The former St Mirren boss has reportedly agreed a deal to take charge of the Scottish Championship side until the summer of 2016. Paddy Connolly has been in temporary charge of the Wasps since Barry Smith resigned on March 7. Danny Lennon has left his role as interim Scotland Under 21 manager . Lennon, who left the Buddies in May 2014, took charge of the Scotland Under 21 side for a 2-1 friendly victory against Hungary last month. The Scottish FA issued a statement which read: 'The Scottish FA can confirm that Danny Lennon's interim appointment as Scotland Under 21 coach has now come to an end. 'Danny leaves with the association's best wishes after dedicating himself to the stewardship of the team for the 2-1 victory against Hungary in Tatabanya last month.' Stewart Regan, Scottish FA chief executive added: 'I would like to thank Danny for the professionalism and enthusiasm with which he took charge of the Under 21 squad. 'While Danny was aware of the short-term nature of the job, his preparation for the match was meticulous and he was rewarded with a victory that he will savour for years to come. The former St Mirren manager looks set to take over at Scottish Championship club Alloa Athletic . 'I know he thrives on the day-to-day involvement of club management and I am certain he will be a success in his next challenge. On behalf of the Scottish FA I wish Danny the best of luck for the future.' Lennon said: 'I knew from the outset this was an interim appointment but it was an honour and pleasure to serve my country at international level. 'I put everything into making sure the under-21s got a positive result and I would like to thank the players and coaching staff for ensuring a great performance and a win, one I will treasure for the rest of my career. 'I would like to thank Stewart Regan and everyone at the Scottish FA and would welcome the opportunity to work with them again in the future.' A permanent appointment for the role of national Under 21 coach will be made in due course.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Reports claim Danny Lennon will be named as Alloa Athletic boss on Tuesday.
Lennon has left his role as interim Scotland Under 21 coach.
Lennon has been in temporary charge of the Wasps since Barry Smith resigned.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 980, Total accepted tokens: 980, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: JB Holmes took victory in a play-off at the Shell Houston Open when Johnson Wagner saw a four-foot putt lip out. Holmes, who started the day six shots off the lead but ripped through the first half of the course to make the turn in 29, had moments before missed from 10 foot but 2008 winner Wagner could not save par to take the play-off to a third hole. Overnight leader Jordan Spieth, who hit a fine putt to par the 18th and make it a three-way play-off, had been eliminated on the first hole. J B Holmes poses with the Houston Open trophy after a thrilling climax saw him take the title . Holmes bumps fists with his caddie to celebrate winning the Houston Open after two play-off holes . Johnson Wagner watches his putt go by the hole on the second play-off, handing the title to Holmes . Spieth's one-shot overnight lead evaporated almost before he had time to warm up on the course thanks to Holmes' blistering start. Six birdies on the first seven holes saw Holmes tear into an outright lead as Spieth was easing into proceedings with his second par in as many holes. Holmes picked up a further shot on the eighth on his way to finishing the front nine on a seven-under 29 to tie the nine-hole course record with Fred Couples. The 32-year-old had a less prolific back nine, but he still picked up two further birdies, with a bogey on the 16th his only blot on a fine day's golf. He returned to the clubhouse with a two-shot lead having carded 64, but back-to-back birdies on 13 and 14 saw Spieth join Holmes on 16 under overall with four holes remaining. Holmes began the day six shots off the lead but stormed up the leaderboard with a brilliant start . Overnight leader Jordan Spieth saw his advantage go before he was on the course, but made a play-off . The 21-year-old, who could have gone second in the world rankings with victory in Houston, just missed taxing birdie shots on 16 and 17 to take it all down to his final hole. And just after his tee shot narrowly avoided the bunker, Wagner dramatically birdied the par-four 18th with a 25ft putt to card a 69 and create a three-way tie at the top of the leaderboard. Spieth still had the chance to win it outright but found a bunker, and he needed a fine 42ft chip and then a 12ft putt to rescue par and join the play-off. Once it began, things quickly went south for the Texan. He found the greenside bunker with his second shot, and then made a poor shot out from a difficult lie, claiming something had distracted him during his backswing. He would be eliminated with a bogey. Wagner had also run into trouble with his second shot but salvaged a par, and when Holmes missed from 10ft they headed back to the tee to try again. Spieth was the first to drop out in the play-offs, after bogeying the first hole to fall out of contention . Johnson Wagner celebrates his birdie at the eighteenth, to earn a place in the play-off, but he fell just short . Neither man had dramas on the way to the green this time but Holmes got much closer to the hole with his second approach shot, and after Wagner over-hit a long putt Holmes again had the chance to win it from 10ft. His putt drifted a couple of inches wide but Wagner's putt from four feet lipped out and Holmes could celebrate. 'I knew I had to play a really low round to have a chance, but I started out great and it worked out for me,' Holmes said on Sky Sports 4 before turning his attention to next week's Masters. 'It's great any time you get a week where you can win going into a major. I went there Monday and Tuesday and saw the course so hopefully I'm ready. I'm hitting it well, and looking forward to it.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: J B Holmes takes victory in a play-off at the Shell Houston Open.
The 32-year-old makes a four-foot putt to win by one shot from Johnson Wagner.
Wagner's putt lipped out and Holmes could celebrate.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 981, Total accepted tokens: 981, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: An unknown Englishman playing in his first PGA Tour event will have the chance to complete an unbelievable fairytale at the Shell Houston Open on Sunday and earn the most unlikely invitation to the Masters. Surrey-born Kelvin Day has only played a handful of events on the subsidiary circuit, the Web.com Tour but decided to enter qualifying for the Houston event. This is a real 36 hole lottery where 131 players were fighting for the final four spots. With two excellent rounds of 64, the 27-year-old finished tied first to earn his place – and how he has taken advantage. It was a decent achievement in itself to make the halfway cut, and it earned him a third round draw alongside two rather more famous Englishmen in Paul Casey and Justin Rose. Kelvin Day is three shots behind the leaders and remains in with a chance of making the Masters . Day, however, refused to be overawed as he put together a tidy, bogey-free scorecard to match the 68 shot by Casey and upstage Rose, who shot 72. Incredibly, that has left Day alongside Casey in tied sixth place, just three shots off the lead held, almost inevitably, by the remarkably consistent young American, Jordan Spieth. Realistically, a top ten finish would be a fine achievement for Day, which would earn him a place in the field for the tournament after the Masters, the Heritage in South Carolina. But it is worth bearing in mind that a victory would not only earn him a PGA Tour card but the last spot in the field for Augusta. Wouldn’t that be some story? Casey only learned he was in the field for the Masters himself last Sunday, and is continuing his welcome revival this season with another good showing. He is a former winner of this event and again showed his liking for the course. Record crowds descended on the Houston suburb of Humble to watch the great crowd pleaser Phil Mickelson, who began one off the halfway lead and the newest Texan golfing hero, Spieth. Jordan Spieth leads the way in Houston . But while the latter delivered with a 67 to lead the way on 14 under, Mickelson could only muster a 75 to tumble down the leaderboard. It’s amazing to think it’s only 18 months since Spieth was attracting heavy criticism for dropping out of college to take his place on the PGA Tour as the 809th ranked player in the world. While his former university classmates are studying hard for their final exams, 21 year old Spieth might be said to have passed his own particular exam with flying colours, since he has risen to fourth in the world and will go second behind Rory McIlroy should he claim this title on Sunday. He would also take his earnings over those 18 months to almost $12 million. Funnily enough, he’s not attracting criticism anymore. Spieth, watched by his parents and younger sister Ellie, hass a one stroke advantage over a trio of lesser-known countrymen – Scott Piercy, former Houston champion Jason Wagner and Austin Cook. ‘I’ve got a lot of friends as well as my family in the gallery and I shall certainly be trying to win for them on Sunday,’ said Spieth. If he did that it would be his fourth victory in his last nine starts and underline his status as one of the favourites to win the green jacket. Spieth finished runner-up behind Bubba Watson on his Masters debut last year. Like Day, 24 year old Cook is trying to write an astonishing story of his own. He just happens to be the Monday qualifier who tied Day for first place. As for Mickelson, his poor form over the past few months caught up with him on Saturday after opening rounds of 66 and 67 had raised hopes he was close to his best. The 44 year old fell apart over the closing stretch, registering four bogeys in his last five holes.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Surrey-born Kelvin Day has only played a handful of events on the Web.com Tour.
Day is three shots behind the leaders and remains in with a chance of making the Masters.
Day, Paul Casey and Justin Rose are in the final four spots.
Day, Casey and Rose are playing in the final four at the Shell Houston Open.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 982, Total accepted tokens: 982, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Super League title sponsors First Utility have announced a new format for the Player of the Month award which lets fans vote for the league's most outstanding players. Working together with League Weekly and the fans, one player will be recognised each month with the prestigious accolade via a new online process. At the end of each month, a shortlist of five players will be drawn up by the writers of League Weekly and fans will be asked to vote for their choice on the Facebook page, www.facebook.com/firstutilitysuperleague. Leeds Rhinos' Paul Aiton has been nominated for the Super League Player of the Month award . Hull Kingston Rovers' Albert Kelly has also made the shortlist for the Player of the Month award for March . As they cast their vote, each fan will be entered into a prize draw with one lucky winner getting the chance to present the Player of the Month trophy to the selected player. The two players who garner the most votes will be considered by a judging panel of representatives from First Utility and League Weekly to decide on one overall winner. The players considered for this month's award have been revealed in Monday's League Weekly: Paul Aiton (Leeds Rhinos), Danny Brough (Huddersfield Giants), Rangi Chase (Salford Red Devils), Albert Kelly (Hull Kingston Rovers) and Matt Russell (Warrington Wolves). Fans have until April 10th to register their votes for March's competition. First Utility Chief Customer Officer Ed Kamm said of the new award format, 'It's the fans that make the First Utility Super League what it is and we want to tap into their knowledge and passion to chooose the outstanding performers each month.' Warrington Wolves' Matt Russell has also been included on the shortlist for this month's award . Wigan Warriors' Matty Smith is among the choices for March's Player of the Month award .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Super League title sponsors First Utility announce new format for Player of the Month award.
Fans will vote for their choice on the Facebook page, www.facebook.com/firstutilitysuperleague.
One player will be recognised each month with the prestigious accolade.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 983, Total accepted tokens: 983, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: As if the news that Tiger Woods will be back at the Masters next week was not encouraging enough for American golf, the sight of a resurgent Phil Mickelson at the Shell Houston Open provided added lustre. The gifted leftie followed his opening 66 with a 67 to sit one shot behind leader Andrew Putnam going into the third round. While Woods electrified the twittersphere with his announcement, his great rival thrilled the massive number of fans on the ground with a display that recalled all his great days. Another to enjoy a good day was Englishman Justin Rose, who provided further encouraging evidence he is now over his bleak March with a 68 that has left him just four shots off the pace and in contention going into the weekend. Phil Mickelson capped his resurgence in form at the Houston Open with rounds of 66 or 67 . Mickelson is one shot behind going into the third round with The Masters a week away . Tiger Woods confirmed his participation at The Masters at Augusta next week . As for Woods, the news he will end his self-imposed exile next week was enthusiastically welcomed here in Texas. Padraig Harrington had only to be told Woods had played a practice round at Augusta National on Friday before pre-empting the official announcement. ‘If Tiger is fit and healthy there’s absolutely no way he will be sitting out the Masters,’ said Harrington. ‘It will be great to see him back. Just by being there he will add to the intrigue and the fascination.’ Woods fuelled speculation he would return when he flew by private jet from Florida to play a practice round last Tuesday. He reportedly shot 74 with the dreaded chipping yips making an unwelcome return with a thinned shot across one green that finished in a bunker. It was those problems that caused him to take a break from the game in the first place. Back in late January he skulled a number of chips in a horrific 82 at the Waste Management Open, his worst score as a pro. Woods said he wouldn’t return until he was satisfied he could compete. Justin Rose continued his upturn in form with an encouraging round of 68 . Mickelson has struggled for form this year and carded an 82 at the Waste Management Open . Woods reportedly shot a round of 74 in practice at Augusta on Tuesday and had a return of the chipping yips . There will be considerable scepticism he can compete next week given it’s over a year now since he turned in a decent tournament. Woods missed the Masters last year owing to back surgery. As for Harrington, his welcome revival continued after a second round 69 that took him to five under but Lee Westwood’s tournament is over. Two rounds of 71 were not good enough for the English veteran to make it through to the weekend.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tiger Woods to return to Masters next week.
Phil Mickelson follows up opening 66 with 67 to sit one shot behind leader Andrew Putnam.
Justin Rose provides further encouraging evidence he is now over his bleak March.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 984, Total accepted tokens: 984, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Steve Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet after unflattering paparazzi pictures of him on a Barbados beach were publicised. The Hull manager says he was 'disappointed' that the pictures were published and that he was baffled that anyone would be interested. Steve Bruce was looking larger than life after being snapped holidaying in Barbados with Alan Shearer . Bruce has promised his wife Janet he will slim down after seeing the unflattering snaps . Bruce was baffled that anyone would be interested in pictures of a 55-year-old on a beach . 'I don't think too many 55-year-olds look that good on a beach do they,' he said, 'but I have promised my good lady I will go on a diet. 'So watch out - I'm going to turn into the horriblest, most awkward b******d you have ever come across. 'I have had some letters saying it's nice to see someone relaxing in their own skin - not many mind!' Bruce also had an appetite for the debate about how Premier League clubs should do more to bring through English talent. FA chairman Greg Dyke recently outlined new proposals, including increasing the number on homegrown players in a squad of 25 to 12, in effort to improve the national team. And Bruce agreed with Dyke, before going on to question how his former club Manchester United, along wide Liverpool and Manchester City, recruit players. Bruce fells his former club Manchester United should do more to produce young English players . He said: 'It is a great debate. We have the Premier League which is a wonderful spectacle but we have to find a way to produce young players and we have one or two, but we would like a lot more. 'One thing that is staggering over the last 20 years is that we have invested millions in academies but are we producing enough players? 'When you look back, where are they? It is a hell of a debate. For me personally, we miss children playing football at school. 'If you are going to do a job properly, you have to look at the football club as a whole and see if we can produce a younger player.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Steve Bruce says he has promised his wife Janet he will go on a diet.
Bruce was looking larger than life after being snapped holidaying in Barbados.
Bruce also had an appetite for the debate about how Premier League clubs should do more to bring through English talent.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 985, Total accepted tokens: 985, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has been handed the backing of five former England managers as he bids to push through radical changes. Dyke wants to increase the minimum number of home-grown players in club squads from eight to 12, however he is facing opposition from the Premier League. The proposals also include changing the rules so that 'home-grown' means having trained in England for three years before the age of 18 rather than before 21. FA chairman Greg Dyke (left), speaking with Premier League chief Richard Scudamore, wants to increase the number of homegrown players at top flight clubs . Graham Taylor, Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Sven-Goran Eriksson and Steve McClaren have signed a letter addressed to Dyke, the Daily Telegraph reports. According to the newspaper, the five former Three Lions bosses warn the English game will suffer if it blocks the proposals from Dyke and the FA's England Commission. 'We urge everyone in the English game to get behind them as quickly as possible,' the letter reportedly says. It adds: 'Failure to do so risks England falling further behind the leading football nations and will only make it harder to end the long wait to win the World Cup.' Former England managers (clockwise) Glenn Hoddle, Kevin Keegan, Steve McClaren and Sven-Goran Eriksson have backed Dyke's call . Only 81 of the 220 Premier League starters in the last round of matches were eligible for England selection - a fairly pitiful 36.8 per cent. The managers add: 'There are many reasons why England has failed to win any major honours since 1966 and each of us bears a portion of that responsibility. 'However, as the England Commission's evidence has demonstrated, the pool of English talent playing at the very top level is shrinking and it's an undeniable fact that this is a clear disadvantage for any England manager.' The rise of Harry Kane (centre) proves that England can bring through talented youngsters . A draw for England in Italy on Tuesday was a respectable result, and Roy Hodgson's team have encountered no trouble in their Euro 2016 qualifying group to date, winning all five of their matches. There are signs of encouragement with the emergence of a new generation of young players, the former England bosses reason. 'With promising players such as (Ross) Barkley, (Raheem) Sterling and (Harry) Kane starting to break through, it is clear we can still produce top young talent,' they write. 'The one thing they are not being offered is the most important of all: opportunity.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Football Association chairman Greg Dyke has been handed the backing of five former England managers.
The five former England managers have signed a letter to Dyke.
The letter says the FA's proposals will help England win the World Cup.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 986, Total accepted tokens: 986, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Mauricio Pochettino wants talks with the FA before approving Harry Kane’s involvement in the forthcoming European Under 21 Championship. Sportsmail understands Tottenham have major concerns about the striker playing in the summer — and will convey those views to Wembley chiefs. England manager Roy Hodgson confirmed this week that Kane will be available for the competition in the Czech Republic, despite playing for the seniors in recent clashes against Lithuania and Italy. Harry Kane celebrates after opening his account against Lithuania in his England senior debut . Kane could find himself at the centre of a club vs country row ahead of the U21 European Championships . But Spurs fear Kane may suffer burnout and see him as key to the club’s PR strategy ahead of their post-season tour of Australia and Malaysia. Pochettino, who confirmed Hugo Lloris will miss tomorrow’s clash against Burnley with a gashed knee, said: ‘Can he play for the Under 21s? Why not? But Harry Kane is our player and if I decide he is in the squad to go to Sydney, it is our decision. ‘There is a lot of things to discuss with the FA, with Gareth Southgate, with us, but always we try to find the best for the player, and for the national team and what is logical for Tottenham.’ Mauricio Pochettino wants to meet with the FA before making any decision on Kane's availability . Kane, pictured in action against Leicester in March, has been hugely impressive for Tottenham this season .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino wants to meet with the FA before making any decision on Harry Kane's availability.
Kane could find himself at the centre of a club vs country row ahead of the U21 European Championships.
Kane could find himself at the centre of a club vs country row ahead of the U21 European Championships.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 987, Total accepted tokens: 987, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for English football’s hottest property Raheem Sterling. Chelsea have made discreet overtures about Sterling, despite Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insisting on Thursday that his 20-year-old striker is going nowhere this summer. Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract and admitting he is ‘quite flattered’ by interest from Arsenal. It has led to suspicions that Sterling, who was raised in London and came through the youth system at QPR, is agitating for a return to the capital. Premier League leaders Chelsea are poised to join the battle for Liverpool wideman Raheem Sterling . However, Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers insists the 20-year-old star is 'going nowhere' this summer . Sterling has claimed he is not motivated by money in stalling over a £100,000-a-week contract . Now Chelsea want to be kept informed about the forward’s future as they join the hunt with Arsenal and Manchester City. But Rodgers said: ‘He’s got two-and-a-half years to go on his deal and he’s not going anywhere in the summer. I cannot speak for the owners but I have a good idea of what they would do. I know them well enough and for me it would not happen. Liverpool are one of the superpowers of football and the owners have made it clear that money doesn’t come into it. If the club doesn’t want to sell, it won’t sell, it’s as simple as that. Money has never been the objective for the club. ‘Whatever player — Raheem or anybody — it would always be on the terms of the club. ‘He still has two-and-a- bit years left of his deal so it’s not something we’re overly concerned about. I’m confident that at the end of the season we’ll find the solution.’ Sterling shares a joke with Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge during Liverpool's training session on Thursday . City and Chelsea have the money to lure Sterling should he be allowed to leave Anfield. Sportsmail understands Arsenal’s interest is also serious. Doubts over Arsenal’s ability to fund a move for Sterling have seen their interest questioned, but they are confident they have the financial firepower to compete for him. In addition to the English trio, Sterling is also attracting interest from Europe — with Real Madrid and Bayern Munich monitoring developments. However, Rodgers reminded Sterling that it was Liverpool who made him the player he is today, saying he should be ‘honoured’ to represent the club. He refused to say whether the player will face disciplinary action after admitting the club had been caught off guard by the interview. Rodgers reminded England international Sterling it is Liverpool who have made him the player he is today . ‘There was no permission by the club, it was something that surprised us all,’ added Rodgers. ‘It’s part of the modern game. People who look after players and represent them have different ways of working. I’ve seen that over the years. ‘The last time we sat down it was the intention of the player and his representatives, and also the club, to put (contract talks) on hold. Obviously, Raheem has come out and made his feelings clear on that and hopefully now the focus will be on the football. ‘He’s a young player who is still learning and developing on and off the field. Sometimes you make mistakes as a youngster. ‘Our relationship is strong, which is important. He knows I’m working in the best interests of the club and for him.’<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Chelsea are poised to join the heavyweight battle for Liverpool striker Raheem Sterling.
Chelsea have made discreet overtures about Sterling despite Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers.
Sterling stunned Liverpool earlier this week by giving an interview in which he claimed he is not motivated by money.
Thput (tok/s): 33.98 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 988, Total accepted tokens: 988, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A dog left in critical condition after being repeatedly stabbed in a violent attack, is on the road to recovery. The sandy-colored canine was found sprawled in a pool of his own blood on a rural road in Cass County, North Dakota. The animal, who has been named Wilford by his rescuers, needed more than 50 stitches after being set upon with an eight inch blade. Wilford has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is now slowly returning to his paws. Survivor: Wilford is on the road to recovery after being found stabbed in Cass County, North Dakota . He doesn't seem traumatized,' foster mother Ellen Brisch, from 4 Luv Of Dog Rescue, reportedly told Valley News Live. 'He loves people and he's very happy with us.' In the days after the attack Ellen, from the non profit organisation, focused on making sure Wilford got lots of rest and took his medication. Two weeks on, she told how she is now noticing the spring return to the dog's step. 'Giving them another chance is really important,' Brisch told the website. When Wilford was found, authorities said he had no collar, tags or micro-chip. The Cass County Sherriff's Office has launched an investigation into the horrific attack and appealed for help in catching those responsible. 'He is such a nice-spirited dog, so we want to figure out what happened,' Deputy Jolene Fletcher reportedly told The Republic. Recovery: Wilford needed more than 50 stitches after he was found in a critical condition .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Wilford is a dog who has been stabbed repeatedly in a violent attack.
He has been nursed back to health by a foster family and is slowly returning to his paws.
The animal has been named Wilford by his rescuers and is now on the road to recovery.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 989, Total accepted tokens: 989, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Sir Alex Ferguson has admitted he had to change his everyday habits as he got older to continue managing Manchester United. Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the Old Trafford hotseat where he won 38 trophies - including 13 Premier League titles and two Champions League successes. The Scot was appointed as the Red Devils manager in November 1986 at the age of 45 before announcing his retirement at the end of the 2012-13 season aged 71. Sir Alex Ferguson has admitted he had to change his everyday habits as he got older in management . Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the Manchester United hotseat between 1986-2013 . And the now 73-year-old revealed that he had to modify his sleeping pattern to ensure he still had the same energy for the consuming role at United as he did when he first started – due to Father Time catching up with him. 'When I came to United in my early 40s everyone saw the energy but when you get older you're the only one that recognises or knows the kind of energy you've got left,' he told American satellite radio station SiriusXM on Thursday. 'And I had to realign myself when I got in to my 60s in terms of putting it in and the sleep I needed to maintain my energy until the very end because people expect to see the same enegy all the time. 'That's the problem when you're leading a group of people all the time.' Ferguson's (centre) honours include 13 Premier League titles - with his last coming in his final season in 2013 .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Sir Alex Ferguson has admitted he had to change his everyday habits as he got older.
Ferguson enjoyed a trophy-laden 26-and-a-half years in the Manchester United hotseat.
The 73-year-old revealed that he had to modify his sleeping pattern to ensure he still had the same energy.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 990, Total accepted tokens: 990, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: French giants Paris Saint-Germain have been dealt a major blow with the news that David Luiz will miss the Champions League clash with Barcelona. The former Chelsea man pulled up clutching his hamstring following a bursting run against Andre-Pier Gignac in the first-half of Sunday’s game against rivals Marseille. Current French champions PSG went on to win the game but the news of Luiz’ injury came as a major worry. David Luiz carries the ball out of defence on one of his trademark forays, but one such run led to his injury . The Brazilian defender immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced . And those worries have since been confirmed as scans revealed the Brazilian will be out of action for at least four weeks meaning he will miss both legs of the quarter-final tie with Barcelona. Laurent Blanc’s side are still fighting for the Ligue One title and could be forced to play eight matches without the 27-year-old. PSG currently sit top of the pile in France just one point ahead of Lyon in second. Luiz limped off, and could now be a doubt for the Champions league quarter-final against Barcelona .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: David Luiz pulled up clutching his hamstring following a bursting run against Andre-Pier Gignac.
The Brazilian defender immediately signalled to the bench that he would need to be replaced.
The 27-year-old will miss both legs of the quarter-final tie with Barcelona.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 991, Total accepted tokens: 991, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A gay porn star allegedly blackmailed a wealthy California man out of $500,000 by threatening to reveal details of his personal life. Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles. Investigators said he tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim, who has only been identified as D.B. Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4 by the FBI in Los Angeles on blackmail charges . Investigators said Brank tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim . In a March 20 indictment, Brank was charged with felony extortion by threatening to injure someone's reputation. He faces up to two years in prison. In text messages to the victim, Brank threatened to post photos and other details of the man's trysts through his Twitter account, according to the affidavit. Prosecutors said the accused published a damaging comment online about the unidentified man, then removed it, the LA Times reported. The porn star wrote in text messages to the victim in February: 'I'm just going to bite hard. I want a new car,motorcycle and both hands full of cash.' 'I do have a twitter and your photos. Lies can be made or maybe it's the truth.' He went on: 'Check my twitter, the conversation will grown [sic] and questions will be asked. You lied to me and treated me like s***. I asked again and you put it behind you. Now it's biting your a**' D.B's attorneys contacted the FBI and Brank was arrested in a sting operation after the two men met up in a coffee shop where the porn star had made demands to be given cash and the title for an Audi R8 worth $180,000. Brank was found in possession of a revolver on his arrest. Brank was scheduled to appear in court on Thursday for a bail review hearing. He was previously denied bail as the judge deemed him a flight risk. Brank's attorneys appealed the decision. The porn star's public defenders also asked that the name of his victim be revealed arguing that D.B allegedly paid Brank for sex. A trial has been scheduled for May 12. Teofil Brank (pictured right) is better known by his porn stage name Jarec Wentworth. He faces up to two years in jail over the blackmail charges .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Teofil Brank, better known by his stage name Jarec Wentworth, was arrested on March 4.
He faces up to two years in prison over the blackmail charges.
Brank tried to exact the ownership of a condo and $1 million in cash from the victim.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.93
Total generated tokens: 992, Total accepted tokens: 992, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Homesick Sam Tomkins insists it is not a foregone conclusion that he will return to Wigan when he cuts short his New Zealand Warriors stay at the end of the season. The 26-year-old England full-back is interesting his former club, where his brother Joel plays, and Wigan have an option to bring him back to the DW Stadium. When announcing his departure barely 18 months ago, Wigan announced they could re-sign Tomkins on a 'defined salary' on his return to Super League. Sam Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors after feeling homesick . And while Tomkins says it would 'be nice' to resume his Wigan career, he is tentatively exploring alternative options too. Asked where he would be playing next, Tomkins said: 'I've not worked that out just yet. The first thing was to sort it out over here that I could go back. 'Hopefully that'll be sorted in the not-too-distant future.' Wigan is where Tomkins launched his career, playing for the club from 2008 to 2013, so it is inevitable he should be linked with last season's Grand Final runners-up. 'That's where my brother's playing and that's where I'm from, but I'm open to other places. I'm just trying to work out what will be the best option for me,' he said. 'Wigan would be nice but I know it's not the only team I can go to.' Before the announcement on Wednesday morning that Tomkins will be on the move, Wigan chairman Ian Lenagan told Wigan Today: 'If he became available we would be very interested. 'We've got the first option. If it gets to the point where he is available it is in our hands. And I'll be delighted if that was the case.' Tomkins has been open with his current club about the reasons for wanting to leave. Rather than not settling into the New Zealand game, it is being apart from his family and friends that has been niggling away at Tomkins, unsettling him and leaving him longing for life back in the north of England. He told Sky Sports News: 'I've enjoyed every minute of being amongst that group but New Zealand is pretty far from Wigan, where all my family live, so I want to be back in England around my family. Tomkins celebrates winning the Super League Grand Final with Wigan in 2013 having spent five years with club . 'I'll be two years I've been away and to be able to go back and be around family and friends is what I'd rather be doing next year.' A replacement for Tomkins has already been found by New Zealand Warriors, with Kiwi international Roger Tuivasa-Sheck agreeing a three-year contract that will take effect from next season. Tuivasa-Sheck will join from Sydney Roosters, with New Zealand Warriors head coach Andrew McFadden describing the 21-year-old on Wednesday as 'a wonderful talent and a fantastic signing'. That has cleared the way for Tomkins, currently sidelined with a minor knee injury, to depart without causing excessive disruption 12 months before the end of his three-year contract. Tomkins joined the Warriors for a world record transfer fee - thought to be in the region of £700,000. 'They invested a lot into me to get me over here which I appreciate,' he said. 'They handled that brilliantly when I was coming and again equally so when I've asked if I can leave. 'It was tough because I feel like I owe them something and hope I can pay them back with another big year this year.' New Zealand Warriors managing director Jim Doyle said of Tomkins: 'He came here excited about testing himself in the NRL and also experiencing living in a new country but, in the end, Sam has found it too much of a challenge being away from home. 'It's disappointing that it has come to this but reluctantly we have accepted there is no option but to allow Sam to return to England.' Tomkins in action for the Warriors during the round one NRL match between against the Parramatta Eels .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: England full-back Sam Tomkins says he is open to other options.
Wigan have an option to bring Tomkins back to the DW Stadium.
Tomkins has been released by the New Zealand Warriors after feeling homesick.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 993, Total accepted tokens: 993, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Neil Phillips, the team doctor for England's victorious 1966 World Cup campaign, has died at the age of 83. Manager Sir Alf Ramsey promoted Phillips from his role as Under-23 team doctor just before the '66 World Cup as seniors doctor Alan Bass had run out of holiday and could not join up with the squad for their preparation camp in Lilleshall. Phillips, who was born in Tredegar in south Wales, was England's team doctor for the defence of the Jules Rimet trophy four years later in Mexico and left the FA in 1974 following Ramsey's departure. Dr Neil Phillips (right), pictured with Sir Alf Ramsey (centre) was England's doctor at the 1966 World Cup . Phillips was a former director at Middlesbrough and also used to have a surgery in Redcar. A service of thanksgiving will take place on Wednesday April 8 in Dr Phillips' home town of Malvern in Worcestershire. The FA said: 'Our thoughts are with Neil's family and friends at this sad time.' Phillips was also with England in 1974, alongside Kevin Keegan (centre) and Mick Channon .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Dr Neil Phillips dies at the age of 83.
Phillips was England's team doctor for the defence of the Jules Rimet trophy.
Phillips was a former director at Middlesbrough and also used to have a surgery in Redcar.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 994, Total accepted tokens: 994, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The cell phone ban at the Augusta National Golf Club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes. Barred from bringing their cell phones on to the Georgia course, fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras or their old 35mm bodies and lenses and re-learning how to use them. But a quick refresher course is all they're allowed. When play begins on Thursday, fans will have to put them back on the shelves. A Masters patron uses her camera to take photos of the action during the player practice rounds ahead of the 2015 Masters at Augusta National Golf Course in Augusta, Georgia, which starts on Thursday . 'Actually, the last time I had this out was Easter,' Wayne Watson said about the large black Nikon hanging around his neck. And the time before that? 'No idea,' he said. 'Probably the Easter before.' More than a few of the fans lugging around similar equipment were, like Watson — who made the two-hour drive from Macon — experiencing Augusta National in person for the first time. Most just planned to mosey around until something caught their fancy. Some had general targets in mind — a favorite player or two, the trio of back-nine holes reverentially dubbed 'Amen Corner,' or the gigantic manual scoreboard alongside the first fairway. Then there was the occasional experienced big-game hunter, decked out with camera bags and an array of lenses. 'I'm after Phil Mickelson,' said Kim McNeeley of nearby Aiken, South Carolina. 'I got a great shot of him the last time I was here — 18 years ago. 'But there are plenty of guys more serious than I am,' she added. The cell phone ban at the Augusta National Golf Club has forced fans to dust off their often unloved and rarely used old cameras if they want to capture a photo of their heroes like Tiger Woods . 'I had to borrow this from a friend who just had a baby. A few minutes ago, I saw a guy actually loading film into his camera. Film. Now that's old school.' Stepping back in time produced more than a few comical moments. Parked in lawn chairs behind the first tee, two pals leaned in close as one tried to figure out how to take a 'selfie' with a point-and-shoot camera — never mind that the term hadn't even been coined when the camera was originally manufactured. Behind the seventh tee, Kevin Davis of Gibson City, Illinois, recounted the preparations he went through to make sure his 4-year-old digital camera was ready to roll. First, he had to find it — 'It took me awhile to remember where I left it,' he said, finally remembering it was in a desk drawer — and then make sure it was charged. 'I've got a big camera, but I didn't want to lug that around,' Davis added. 'That's usually for family events.' Fans photograph Tiger Woods on their cell phones during a practice round for the World Golf Championships-Bridgestone Invitational at Firestone Country Club South Course in Akron, Ohio, last July . But he might have had second thoughts when his twin 5-year-olds saw the camera and realized it wasn't a phone. 'They were scratching their heads,' he recalled. 'They said, 'Daddy, why is it so big?'' The fact that so many wound up opting for the big camera likely had to do with the number of serious hobbyists. While many planned to share their photos with friends on social media, a few planned to commemorate the trip with a photo album — talk about old-school — and in the case of Wes Rackley, make quality 8x10 framed prints and give them as presents. Few people, though, seemed as comfortable carrying around all the serious gear as Brett Pavel of Atlanta. He was at Augusta National for the 20th time — 'I think that's right,' he said, 'because I've got at least 18 shirts — and said he has a camera around his neck at least once a week. 'My wife calls it my "pacifier,"' he laughed, 'because our youngest son plays competitive soccer and she says taking pictures is the only thing that keeps me from cussing and yelling at the refs and everybody else.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Masters fans have adapted by using their old cameras and lenses.
The cell phone ban at the Augusta National Golf Club has forced fans to dust off their old cameras.
Fans have adapted by going back to the future and using their pocket-sized digital cameras.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 995, Total accepted tokens: 995, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: The average household now owns 7.4 internet devices and four in 10 bought a tablet in the last year. Smartphones are the most common internet-enabled device, at 1.7 per household, followed by laptops (1.3) and tablets (1.2), the YouGov poll of more than 2,000 consumers found. Four in 10 households now own one tablet, one fifth  have two, and 11 per cent own three or more. Top of the table: Smartphones are the most popular item, with an average of 1.7 per household . The latest Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB) UK Digital Adspend report, conducted by PwC, found digital advertising hit a record £7.2billion. IAB chief strategy officer Tim Elkington said: 'Advertisers are increasing their digital budgets to reach people as they go online through an increasing array of devices. 'It's a win-win for consumers, because digital advertising pays for the wide range of free online services they increasingly rely on in their daily lives, but don't necessarily want to pay much for.' The survey found the average Briton who is online is willing to pay a maximum of £1.53 a month for their email service, £1.33 to use search engines, £1.10 for video content, 92p for news websites, 88p for social media, 55p for online games and 52p for price comparison sites. Popular: Laptops were second, followed by tablets - with a fifth of homes owning two of the latter . Just over half of people said banking and finance was the area of their lives that would be most affected without the internet or mobile phone, followed by keeping up with current events (42 per cent), shopping (38 per cent) and their relationships with friends and family (37 per cent).<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Four in 10 households own one tablet, one fifth have two.
Top of the table: Smartphones are the most popular item, with an average of 1.7 per household.
The latest Internet Advertising Bureau (IAB) UK Digital Adspend report found digital advertising hit a record £7.2billion.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 996, Total accepted tokens: 996, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: Referee Mark Clattenburg has been named to take charge of the Manchester derby on Sunday, despite having sent off three players from United and City this season. City captain Vincent Kompany was dismissed for two bookable offences during Belgium's narrow 1-0 defeat of Israel in their Euro 2016 qualifier on March 31, meaning he is now suspended for the match against Wales in June. And, although Clattenburg has been accused of favouring Louis van Gaal's side in the past, it's worth noting that the 40-year-old has only sent off two players season in the Premier League this season and both have been from United; Tyler Blackcett in the 5-3 defeat by Leicester and Luke Shaw in the 1-1 draw with West Ham. Mark Clattenburg will officiate the Manchester derby between United and City at Old Trafford . The English referee sent off City and Belgium captain Vincent Kompany during the international break . Leicester 5-3 Manchester United . West Ham 1-1 Manchester United . Manchester United 3-0 Tottenham . Manchester City 3-1 West Ham . Liverpool 2-1 Manchester City . Chelsea 1-1 Manchester City . Clattenburg has courted controversy during his career but is generally regarded as one of the Premier League's leading referees alongside Michael Oliver. The champion's shock 2-1 loss to Crystal Palace on Monday saw United move a point above their local rivals to add extra incentive for both sides ahead of the derby at Old Trafford, which could ultimately decide who finishes second behind expected winners Chelsea. While Manuel Pellegrini's side have struggled since the turn of the year, turning from title challengers to fourth place chases, United are coasting on confidence having won their last five consecutive league games. Clattenburg will be joined on Sunday by assistants Simon Beck and Jake Collin, while Jonathan Moss will serve as the fourth official. Clattenburg has shown only two red cards this season, both to United players including Luke Shaw (centre)<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Mark Clattenburg named to referee Manchester derby on Sunday.
The 40-year-old has been accused of favouring Louis van Gaal's side in the past.
The referee has sent off three players from United and City this season.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 997, Total accepted tokens: 997, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: TV presenter Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son sketched an unflattering portrait of her. The 40-year-old former Channel 9 host said she barely recognised herself in the drawing, and was horrified to think her sons Harry, 4, and Bert, 2, saw her that way. 'When my son asked me if I was having another baby, that was the catalyst,' Oldfield told Daily Mail Australia. Scroll down for video . TV presenter Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight after her son drew this unflattering portrait of her . Oldfield shared with Daily Mail Australia a picture of her stomach when she removed bandages after the surgery . 'He's delusional, but he thinks I'm the greatest person on the planet. If someone who loves me so much could think that, I knew I had to do something. 'I would try to hide the weight by strategically using my wardrobe, but it felt like I had somebody else's torso. 'I had been thinking about it for a few months and researching it, but that was the final straw.' Oldfield, wife of radio host and former One Nation politician David Oldfield, posted pictures of the 5.5 litres of fat she had removed online. She also showed Daily Mail Australia the aftermath of the surgery, complete with bruises and swelling she said will last 'a few weeks'. 'It's not a pretty picture,' she said. Oldfield posted this photo on her Facebook page of the 5.5L of fat she had removed during her liposuction operation . The mum-of-two said she had to do something, after trying to lose weight on her own. 'In the end, I just had to bite the bullet,' she said. 'I try and stay fit, I walk my dogs and that sort of thing, but I just can't be a slave to a gym. 'I'd rather spend extra hour and a half each night with my kids than with someone I'm paying $100 to scream at me.' Oldfield and her husband, David, who is a radio host and former One Nation politician . One of the main reasons Oldfield wanted to lose weight was so she could take more pictures with her children . Oldfield said she hated looking at pictures of herself after she gained weight . The surgery involved her doctor pumping Ms Oldfield full of water to separate the fat from the skin and muscle, which was then slowly sucked out. It cost $10,000. Oldfield, who still appears on Channel 9 regularly, said she hated looking at pictures of herself due to the weight she gained since having children. Oldfield was motivated to lose weight by her two children, Harry, 4, and Bert, 2. 'I just hated looking and feeling bloated,' she said. 'I have two beautiful little boys and barely any photos of them from the past two years. 'In the few photos we do have, I'm often using them to hide my big tummy.' Oldfield ahead of her Year 10 formal in secondary school . Oldfield and her husband, David, at the Easter Racing Carnival at Randwick Racecourse, in 2007 . Oldfield, who works full-time as a sales director, said the fat won't come back. 'One of the benefits of liposuction, is the fat can't come back to where it's been sucked out from,' she said. 'Worst case, I might get a little on my arms - but I have always had skinny arms and legs so I could maybe do with a little there.'<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: TV presenter Lisa Oldfield decided she had to make a change to tackle her weight.
Oldfield said she barely recognised herself in the drawing her son sketched.
Oldfield said she had to do something after trying to lose weight on her own.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 998, Total accepted tokens: 998, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: After Manchester United eased past Aston Villa to make it five Premier League wins on the bounce, Juan Mata admitted his side still have work to do and must take every game as a 'final.' The Spaniard has found his best form at a crucial part of the season, with a place in the Champions League all but sealed and an opportunity to finish second a real possibility. United are currently above rivals Manchester City by one point and looking for a top two finish - where they can qualify automatically for the group stages - but Mata knows his side can't afford to slip-up in the final seven games. Juan Mata (right) says Manchester United need to look at the next seven Premier League games as 'finals' The 26-year-old has been in fine form for Louis van Gaal's side during their five game winning run . 'The season has gone so quickly – it seems we were in pre-season only a few months ago. But we still have some finals left before the end,' he told MUTV. 'We want to finish as high as we can and I think we can win a lot of games between now and the end of the season if we perform like we did in the last few games. 'We are facing two or three very big rivals like Chelsea, City and Arsenal so we need to be at our best level to beat them. Each game is a final and we have to think about each one on their own. 'So now we are thinking about Sunday [against City] and then we will think about the next one. Every point is very important from now until the end and we will look at every game as a final.' Mata celebrates with Ander Herrera after his second goal finished off Aston Villa at Old Trafford . Wayne Rooney (right) scored a spectacular second to give United a comfortable lead over the strugglers .<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Manchester United ease past Aston Villa to make it five Premier League wins on the bounce.
Juan Mata says his side still have work to do and must take every game as a 'final'
United are currently above rivals Manchester City by one point and looking for a top two finish.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 999, Total accepted tokens: 999, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00
Input: <|endoftext|>Summarize the following article: A three metre python bit off more than it could chew when it tried to swallow a much-loved family pet. Francis Bakvis stumbled upon the gruesome spectacle on Sunday while searching for his sixteen-year-old pet cat Tiger, who had been missing for three days. After noticing a foul odour in the yard of his home in Clifton Beach, northern Queensland, Bakvis found a bloated scrub python which contained the remains of the family feline, reports Cairns Post. Scroll down for video . Francis Bakvis discovered a dead scrub python, which contained the remains of his family cat Tiger . It wasn't until Bakvis tried to move the 3.5 metre long snake that its body broke open and he came face to face with the grim truth. 'I pulled the dead snake on to the lawn, and a bit of its skin was already decomposing. I could see, there was my cat,' Bakvis said. 'It was pretty miserable to see him go that way. He was getting old and not 100 per cent clear in his little brain sometimes. Bavkis said it was confronting for his partner and sons to find the long-term pet had died in such grisly circumstances. 'He'd never been sick or anything, and all of a sudden he's no longer there. To find him in the stomach of a snake is not pretty.' Bakvis said he had never seen pythons on his Clifton Beach (pictured) property in 15 year of living there . A scrub python at Currumbin Wildlife Sanctuary on the Gold Coast. Scrub pythons can grow to be up to eight metres long, and are known to eat mammals as large as kangaroos . The black and white cat had reportedly slept on the family veranda. Bakvis said he had never seen pythons on the property in 15 years of living there. He believed the python had struggled to properly swallow the cat and died as a result. Scrub pythons can grow to be up to eight metres long, and are known to eat mammals as large as kangaroos. Pet owners are reminded to protect their animals by keeping them protected or indoors at night.<|endoftext|>Summary:
Output: Pet owner finds dead snake in stomach of family pet.
Pet owner says he had never seen pythons on his property in 15 years of living there.
Pet owners are reminded to protect their animals by keeping them protected or indoors at night.
Thput (tok/s): 33.99 +/- 0.94
Total generated tokens: 1000, Total accepted tokens: 1000, Acceptance rate: 100.00%
Total average accepted length: 1.00

=== Evaluation Metrics ===

| Metric  | Value   |
|---------|---------|
| ROUGE-1 |  0.3442 |
| ROUGE-2 |  0.1435 |
| ROUGE-L |  0.2497 |
| BLEU    | 11.0604 |
| METEOR  |  0.3259 |
